
OleqFtizecoqG oeabetgqEBiirqipqOleqUhkeao tenqipqOivqNumxet,qCivfdeoeqbx
VutrqOmusaq(Nuv edqCdevean)

OlsnqeBiirqsnqpitqoleq neqipquaxiaequaxmletequoqaiqcinoquahqmsolqudvino
aiqtenotscosianqmluonieketyqXi qvuxqcifxqso,qgskeqsoqumuxqitqte- ne
soq ahetqoleqoetvnqipqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetgqDsceaneqsacd hehqmsolqolsn
eBiirqitqiadsaequoqmmmyg oeabetgyaeo

Osode:qOleqUhkeao tenqipqOivqNumxet,qCivfdeoe

U olit:qVutrqOmusaq(Nuv edqCdevean)

TedeuneqHuoe:qU g noq20,q2006q[EBiirq#74]
Dunoq fhuoeh:qPebt utxq23,q2018

Duag uge:qEagdsnl

Clutucoetqneoqeacihsag:q OP-8

***qNOUTOqIPqOLSNqFTIZECOqG OEABETGqEBIIRqOIVqNUMXETq***

Ftih cehqbxqHukshqMshget





OLEqUHKEAO TENqIPqOIVqNUMXET

BxqVutrqOmusa

(Nuv edqDuaglitaeqCdevean)




CIAOEAON

CLUFOETqSyqX-i- - qOiv-U aoqFiddxqHecshenq fiaqletqH ox--OivqFtucoscen
V nsc--OleqCluddeage--UqFtskuoeqEaotuace

CLUFOETqSSyqNotiagqOevfouosian--NotuoegscqVikeveaon--OleqSaaiceaon
Beg sdeh

CLUFOETqSSSyqOivqunquqGeaetud--Ots vflquahqTemuth--Hsnvud
Pedscsox--CivvsnnsiaquahqIvsnnsia

CLUFOETqSKyqVeaoudqUctibuoscn--UooeahsagqN ahux--Ncliid--Ole
N fetsaoeaheao--“Nlimsagqipp”--OivqDsias.eh

CLUFOETqKyqUq nep dqVsasnoet--SaqCl tcl--OleqCdsvuj

CLUFOETqKSyqNedp-Ejuvsauosia--Heaosnotx--OleqVshasgloqClutv--Msoclenquah
Heksdn--Cu osi nqUfftiuclen--LuffxqLi tn

CLUFOETqKSSyqUqOteuoxqEaoetehqSaoi--EutdxqDennian--UqVsnoureqVuhe

CLUFOETqKSSSyqOivqHecshenqiaqlsnqCi tne--IdhqNceaenqTe-eaucoeh

CLUFOETqSJyqUqNidevaqNso uosia--GtukeqN bzeconqSaotih ceh--Saz aqZie
Ejfdusan

CLUFOETqJyqOleqNidevaqIuol--OettitqBtsagnqTefeaouace--VeaoudqF asnlveao

CLUFOETqJSyqV ppqFiooetqCivenqLsvnedp--Oiv'nqCiancseacequoqMitr

CLUFOETqJSSyqOivqNlimnqlsnqGeaetinsox--U aoqFiddxqMeurean

CLUFOETqJSSSyqOleqXi agqFstuoen--GisagqoiqoleqTeahe.ki n--OleqCuvf--Pste
Oudr

CLUFOETqJSKyqCuvf-Dspe--UqNeanuosia--OivqNoeudnqUmuxqptivqCuvf

CLUFOETqJKyqOivqTeciaaisoetn--DeutanqoleqNso uosia--TefitonquoqCuvf

CLUFOETqJKSyqUqHux'nqUv neveaon--OivqTekeudnquqNecteo--OleqFstuoenqourequ
Dennia--UqAsgloqN tftsne--UaqSahsuaqMut

CLUFOETqJKSSyqVevitsenqipqoleqDinoqLetien--OleqFisaoqsaqOiv'nqNecteo

CLUFOETqJKSSSyqOiv'nqPeedsagnqSakenosguoeh--Miahetp dqHteuv--Becrx
OluocletqIketnluhimeh--OivqBecivenqZeudi n--BducrqTekeage

CLUFOETqJSJyqOivqOeddnqoleqOt ol

CLUFOETqJJyqBecrxqsaquqHsdevvu--Oiv'nqAibsdsoxqUnnetonqSonedp

CLUFOETqJJSyqXi olp dqEdiw eace--CivfinsosianqbxqoleqXi agqDuhsen--U
DeagolxqKsnsia--OleqBix'nqKeageuaceqNuosnpseh

CLUFOETqJJSSyqOiv'nqCiapsheaceqBeotuxeh--EjfeconqNsgaudqF asnlveao

CLUFOETqJJSSSyqIdhqV pp'nqPtseahn--V ppqFiooetqsaqCi to--V ppqFiooet
Nukeh

CLUFOETqJJSKyqOivqunqoleqKsddugeqLeti--HuxnqipqNfdeahitquahqAsglonqip
Littit--F tn soqipqSaz aqZie

CLUFOETqJJKyqUbi oqRsagnquahqHsuviahn--NeutclqpitqoleqOteun te--Heuh
FeifdequahqGlinon

CLUFOETqJJKSyqOleqLu aoehqLi ne--NdeefxqGlinon--UqBijqipqGidh--BsooetqD cr

CLUFOETqJJKSSyqHi bonqoiqbeqNeoodeh--OleqXi agqHeoecosken

CLUFOETqJJKSSSyqUaqUooevfoquoqAiyqOmi--L crqVi aonqG uth

CLUFOETqJJSJyqOleqFsc-asc--L crqiaqSaz aqZie'nqOtucr--Oleq“Tekeage”
qZib--UshqpitqoleqMshim

CLUFOETqJJJyqOleqMedclvuaqTefiton--L crq ahetqPste--OleqNoitxqCstc duoeh
--UqAemqNeanuosia--LifeqGsksagqMuxqoiqHenfust

CLUFOETqJJJSyqUaqEjfditsagqEjfehsosia--Oti bdeqCivveacen--Dinoqsaqole
Cuke--OioudqHutraenn--Pi ahqb oqaioqNukeh

CLUFOETqJJJSSyqOivqoeddnqoleqNoitxqipqolestqEncufe--Oiv'nqEaevxqsaqNupe
W utoetn

CLUFOETqJJJSSSyqOleqPuoeqipqSaz aqZie--L crquahqOivqCivfuteqAioen
--UaqEjfehsosiaqoiqoleqCuke--FtioecosiaqUgusanoqGlinon--“UaqUmp dqNa g
Fduce”--UqTecefosiaquoqoleqMshimqHi gdun'n

CLUFOETqJJJSKyqNftsagsagquqNecteo--VtyqZiaen'qN tftsnequqPusd te

CLUFOETqJJJKyqUqAemqIthetqipqOlsagn--FiitqL cr--AemqUhkeao tenqFduaaeh




SDD NOTUOSIAN

OivqNumxet

OivquoqLive

U aoqFiddxqBeg sdeh

UqGiihqIffito asox

Mli'nqUptush

DuoeqLive

Zsv

'Oeahsa'qoiqB nsaenn

Usa'oqoluoqMitr?

CuoquahqOixn

Uv neveao

BecrxqOluoclet

FuxsagqIpp

UpoetqoleqBuoode

“NlimsagqIpp”

AioqUvsnn

Vutx

OivqCiaoevfduosag

HuvfeaehqUthit

Xi ol

Bixliih

 nsagqoleq“Butdim”

OleqCl tcl

Aecennsosen

OivqunquqN ahux-NcliidqLetiqqqq

OleqFts.e

UoqCl tcl

OleqVihedqBix

OleqCl tclqClist

UqNsheqNlim

Ten doqipqFduxsagqsaqCl tcl

OleqFsacl-B g

Nsh

Heaosnotx

L crdebettxqPsaa

VioletqLifrsan

Ten doqipqOiv'nqOt olp daenn

OivqunquaqUtosno

Saoett foehqCi tonlsf

OleqVunoet

KusaqFdeuhsag

OusdqFsece

OleqGtukeqsaqoleqMiihn

OivqVehsouoen

TibsaqLiihquahqlsnqPie

HeuolqipqTibsaqLiih

Vshasglo

Oiv'nqViheqipqEgtenn

Oiv'nqEppitoquoqFtuxet

V ppqFiooetqI omsooeh

OleqGtukexuth

Pitemutasagn

Hsno tbsagqV pp'nqNdeef

Oiv'nqOudrqmsolqlsnqU ao

V ppqFiooet

UqN nfscsi nqSacsheao

Saz aqZie'nqomiqKscosvn

SaqoleqCisdn

Feoet

U aoqFiddxqneernqSapitvuosia

UqGeaetudqGiihqOsve

Hevituds.eh

ZieqLutfet

IaqBiuthqOlestqPstnoqFts.e

OleqFstuoenqUnlite

MsdhqDspe

OleqFstuoe'nqBuol

OleqFdeunuaoqNotidd

OleqNeutclqpitqoleqHtimaeh

OleqVxnoetsi nqMtsosag

TsketqKsem

MluoqOivqNum

OivqNmsvnqoleqTsket

OursagqDennian

OleqFstuoen'qEggqVutreo

OivqDiirsagqpitqZie'nqRaspeqqqq

OleqOl ahetqNoitv

OettsbdeqNdu gloet

OleqVi taet

Oiv'nqFti henoqViveao

UvxqDumteace

OivqotsenqoiqTevevbet

OleqLeti

UqPdstouosia

BecrxqTeoudsuoen

UqN hheaqPtino

Ci aoet-sttsouosia

U aoqFiddx

Oivqz nospseh

OleqHsnciketx

Cu gloqsaqoleqUco

OivqUnoiasnlenqoleqNcliid

Dsoetuo te

OivqHecdusvn

EjuvsauosiaqEkeasag

IaqEjlsbsosia

Fts.eqU olitn

OleqVunoet'nqHsdevvu

OleqNcliidqLi ne

OleqCuheo

LuffxqpitqOmiqHuxn

EazixsagqoleqKucuosia

OleqNoideaqVedian

OleqZ hge

KsnsosagqoleqFtsniaet

OivqNmeutn

OleqCi toqTiiv

OleqHeoecoske

OivqHteuvn

OleqOteun te

OleqFtskuoeqCiapeteace

UqRsag;qFiitqPeddim!

B nsaenn

OleqLu'aoehqLi ne

Saz aqZie

OleqGteuoenoquahqBeno

LshheaqOteun tenq aeutoleh

OleqBix'nqNudkuosia

TiivqAiyq2

OleqAejoqHux'nqCiapeteace

Oteun ten

 acdeqZure

B crquoqLive

OleqLu aoehqTiiv

“T aqpitqXi tqDspe”

VcHi gud'nqCuke

SansheqoleqCuke

L crqiaqH ox

UqTi nsagqUco

OusdqFsece

OleqMedclvua

Ten doqipquqNaee.e

Citaeteh

UdutvsagqHsnciketsen

OivquahqBecrxqnostq fqoleqOima

Oiv'nqVutrn

L crqW enosianqoleqMshim

Kuvfsten

MiahetnqipqoleqCuke

UooucrehqbxqAuosken

Henfust

OleqMehhsagqCure

UqAemqOettit

Huxdsglo

“O taqI o”qoiqTeceskeqOivquahqBecrx

OleqEncufeqptivqoleqCuke

PuoeqipqoleqTuggehqVua

OleqOteun tenqPi ah

Cu gloquoqDuno

HtifqupoetqHtif

LuksagquqGiihqOsve

UqB nsaennqOtsf

“GioqsoquoqDuno!”

OusdqFsece

MshimqHi gdun

OivqBucrnqlsnqNouoeveao

OusdqFsece

L crqOtuanpitveh

CivpitoubdeqIaceqVite

Lsglq fqsaqNicseox

Ciaoeaoveao




FTEPUCE

Vinoqipqolequhkeao tenqtecithehqsaqolsnqbiirqteuddxqicc tteh;qiaeqitqomi
meteqejfetseacenqipqvxqima,qoleqtenoqolineqipqbixnqmliqmeteqncliidvuoen
ipqvsaeyqL crqPsaaqsnqhtumaqptivqdspe;qOivqNumxetqudni,qb oqaioqptivqua
sahsksh ud--leqsnquqcivbsauosiaqipqoleqclutucoetsnoscnqipqolteeqbixnqmliv
Sqraem,quahqoletepiteqbediagnqoiqoleqcivfinsoeqithetqipqutclsoeco tey

Oleqihhqn fetnososianqoi clehq fiaqmetequddqftekudeaoquviagqclsdhteaquah
ndukenqsaqoleqMenoquoqoleqfetsihqipqolsnqnoitx--oluoqsnqoiqnux,qolstoxqit
pitoxqxeutnqugiy

Udoli glqvxqbiirqsnqsaoeahehqvusadxqpitqoleqeaoetousaveaoqipqbixnquah
gstdn,qSqlifeqsoqmsddqaioqbeqnl aaehqbxqveaquahqmiveaqiaqoluoqucci ao,
pitqfutoqipqvxqfduaqlunqbeeaqoiqotxqoiqfdeunuaodxqtevsahquh donqipqmluo
olexqiaceqmeteqolevnedken,quahqipqlimqolexqpedoquahqoli gloquahqoudreh,
uahqmluoqw eetqeaoetftsnenqolexqniveosvenqeagugehqsay

OLEqU OLITy

LUTOPITH,q1876y




CLUFOETqS

“OIV!”

Aiquanmety

“OIV!”

Aiquanmety

“Mluo'nqgiaeqmsolqoluoqbix,qqSqmiahet?qXi qOIV!”

Aiquanmety

Oleqidhqduhxqf ddehqletqnfecoucdenqhimaquahqdiirehqiketqolevqubi oqole
tiiv;qoleaqnleqf oqolevq fquahqdiirehqi oq ahetqolevyqNleqnedhivqit
aeketqdiirehq_olti gl_qolevqpitqniqnvuddquqolsagqunquqbix;qolexqmete
letqnouoeqfust,qoleqftsheqipqletqleuto,quahqmeteqb sdoqpitq“noxde,”qaio
netksce--nleqci dhqlukeqneeaqolti glquqfustqipqnoike-dshnqz noqunqmeddy
Nleqdiirehqfetfdejehqpitquqviveao,quahqoleaqnush,qaioqpsetcedx,qb o
nosddqdi hqeai glqpitqoleqp taso teqoiqleut:

“Medd,qSqduxqspqSqgeoqlidhqipqxi qS'dd--”

Nleqhshqaioqpsasnl,qpitqbxqolsnqosveqnleqmunqbeahsagqhimaquahqf aclsag
 ahetqoleqbehqmsolqoleqbtiiv,quahqniqnleqaeehehqbteuolqoiqf aco uoeqole
f aclenqmsolyqNleqten ttecoehqaiolsagqb oqoleqcuoy

“Sqaeketqhshqneeqoleqbeuoqipqoluoqbix!”

Nleqmeaoqoiqoleqifeaqhiitquahqnoiihqsaqsoquahqdiirehqi oquviagqole
oivuoiqksaenquahq“zsvfnia”qmeehnqoluoqcianoso oehqoleqgutheayqAiqOivyqNi
nleqdspoehq fqletqkiscequoquaquagdeqcudc duoehqpitqhsnouacequahqnli oeh:

“X-i- - qOIV!”

Oleteqmunquqndsgloqaisneqbelsahqletquahqnleqo taehqz noqsaqosveqoiqnes.e
uqnvuddqbixqbxqoleqnducrqipqlsnqti ahubi oquahquttenoqlsnqpdsgloy

“Olete!qSqvsgloq'u'qoli gloqipqoluoqcdineoyqMluoqxi qbeeaqhisagqsa
olete?”

“Aiolsagy”

“Aiolsag!qDiirquoqxi tqluahnyqUahqdiirquoqxi tqvi olyqMluoq_sn_qoluo
ot cr?”

“Sqhia'oqraim,qu aoy”

“Medd,qSqraimyqSo'nqzuv--oluo'nqmluoqsoqsnyqPitoxqosvenqS'keqnushqspqxi 
hsha'oqdeoqoluoqzuvqudiaeqS'hqnrsaqxi yqLuahqveqoluoqnmsocly”

Oleqnmsoclqliketehqsaqolequst--oleqfetsdqmunqhenfetuoe--

“Vx!qDiirqbelsahqxi ,qu ao!”

Oleqidhqduhxqmlstdehqti ah,quahqnauoclehqletqnrstonqi oqipqhuagety
Oleqduhqpdehqiaqoleqsanouao,qnctuvbdehq fqoleqlsglqbiuth-peace,quah
hsnuffeutehqiketqsoy

Lsnqu aoqFiddxqnoiihqn tftsnehquqviveao,quahqoleaqbtireqsaoiquqgeaode
du gly

“Luagqoleqbix,qcua'oqSqaeketqdeutaquaxolsag?qUsa'oqleqfduxehqveqotscrn
eai glqdsreqoluoqpitqveqoiqbeqdiirsagqi oqpitqlsvqbxqolsnqosve?qB oqidh
piidnqsnqoleqbsggenoqpiidnqoleteqsnyqCua'oqdeutaquaqidhqhigqaemqotscrn,
unqoleqnuxsagqsnyqB oqvxqgiihaenn,qleqaeketqfduxnqolevqudsre,qomiqhuxn,
uahqlimqsnquqbihxqoiqraimqmluo'nqcivsag?qLeq'feutnqoiqraimqz noqlimqdiag
leqcuaqoitveaoqveqbepiteqSqgeoqvxqhuahetq f,quahqleqraimnqspqleqcuaqvure
i oqoiqf oqveqippqpitquqvsa oeqitqvureqveqdu gl,qso'nquddqhimaqugusaquah
Sqcua'oqlsoqlsvquqdscryqSqusa'oqhisagqvxqh oxqbxqoluoqbix,quahqoluo'n
oleqDith'nqot ol,qgiihaennqraimnyqNfuteqoleqtihquahqnfsdeqoleqclsdh,
unqoleqGiihqBiirqnuxnyqS'vquqduxsagq fqnsaquahqn ppetsagqpitq nqbiol,
SqraimyqLe'nqp ddqipqoleqIdhqNctuocl,qb oqdumn-u-ve!qle'nqvxqima
heuhqnsnoet'nqbix,qfiitqolsag,quahqSqusa'oqgioqoleqleutoqoiqdunlqlsv,
nivelimyqEketxqosveqSqdeoqlsvqipp,qvxqciancseaceqhienql toqveqni,quah
eketxqosveqSqlsoqlsvqvxqidhqleutoqvinoqbteurnyqMedd-u-medd,qvuaqoluoqsn
bitaqipqmivuaqsnqipqpemqhuxnquahqp ddqipqoti bde,qunqoleqNctsfo te
nuxn,quahqSqtecriaqso'nqniyqLe'ddqfduxqliirexqolsnqekeasag,q*quahq[*
Ni olmenoetaqpitq“upoetaiia”]qS'ddqz noqbeqibdeegehqoiqvureqlsvqmitr,
oivittim,qoiqf asnlqlsvyqSo'nqvsgloxqluthqoiqvureqlsvqmitrqNuo thuxn,
mleaquddqoleqbixnqsnqluksagqlidshux,qb oqleqluoenqmitrqviteqoluaqle
luoenquaxolsagqedne,quahqS'keq_gio_qoiqhiqniveqipqvxqh oxqbxqlsv,qit
S'ddqbeqoleqt sauosiaqipqoleqclsdhy”

Oivqhshqfduxqliirex,quahqleqluhquqketxqgiihqosveyqLeqgioqbucrqlive
butedxqsaqneuniaqoiqledfqZsv,qoleqnvuddqciditehqbix,qnumqaejo-hux'nqmiih
uahqnfdsoqoleqrsahdsagnqbepiteqn ffet--uoqdeunoqleqmunqoleteqsaqosve
oiqoeddqlsnquhkeao tenqoiqZsvqmlsdeqZsvqhshqoltee-pi tolnqipqoleqmitry
Oiv'nqxi agetqbtioletq(itqtuoletqludp-btiolet)qNshqmunqudteuhxqolti gl
msolqlsnqfutoqipqoleqmitrq(fscrsagq fqclsfn),qpitqleqmunquqw seoqbix,
uahqluhqaiquhkeao ti n,qoti bde-niveqmuxny

MlsdeqOivqmunqeuosagqlsnqn ffet,quahqnoeudsagqn gutqunqiffito asox
ippeteh,qU aoqFiddxqunrehqlsvqw enosianqoluoqmeteqp ddqipqg sde,quah
ketxqheef--pitqnleqmuaoehqoiqotufqlsvqsaoiqhuvugsagqtekeudveaonyqDsre
vuaxqioletqnsvfde-leutoehqni dn,qsoqmunqletqfeoqkuasoxqoiqbedsekeqnle
munqeahimehqmsolquqoudeaoqpitqhutrquahqvxnoetsi nqhsfdivucx,quahqnle
dikehqoiqciaoevfduoeqletqvinoqotuanfuteaoqhekscenqunqvutkednqipqdim
c aasagyqNushqnle:

“Oiv,qsoqmunqvshhdsagqmutvqsaqncliid,qmuta'oqso?”

“Xen'vy”

“Fimetp dqmutv,qmuta'oqso?”

“Xen'vy”

“Hsha'oqxi qmuaoqoiqgiqsaqu-nmsvvsag,qOiv?”

Uqbsoqipquqncuteqnlioqolti glqOiv--uqoi clqipq acivpitoubdeqn nfscsiayqLe
neutclehqU aoqFiddx'nqpuce,qb oqsoqoidhqlsvqaiolsagyqNiqleqnush:

“Ai'v--medd,qaioqketxqv cly”

Oleqidhqduhxqteuclehqi oqletqluahquahqpedoqOiv'nqnlsto,quahqnush:

“B oqxi qusa'oqoiiqmutvqaim,qoli gly”qUahqsoqpduooetehqletqoiqtepdeco
oluoqnleqluhqhsnciketehqoluoqoleqnlstoqmunqhtxqmsoli oquaxbihxqraimsag
oluoqoluoqmunqmluoqnleqluhqsaqletqvsahyqB oqsaqnfsoeqipqlet,qOivqraem
mleteqoleqmsahqdux,qaimyqNiqleqpitenouddehqmluoqvsgloqbeqoleqaejoqvike:

“Niveqipq nqf vfehqiaqi tqleuhn--vsae'nqhuvfqxeoyqNee?”

U aoqFiddxqmunqkejehqoiqolsarqnleqluhqiketdiirehqoluoqbsoqip
cstc vnouaosudqeksheace,quahqvsnnehquqotscryqOleaqnleqluhquqaem
sanfstuosia:

“Oiv,qxi qhsha'oqlukeqoiq ahiqxi tqnlstoqciddutqmleteqSqnemehqso,qoi
f vfqiaqxi tqleuh,qhshqxi ?q ab ooiaqxi tqzucreo!”

Oleqoti bdeqkuasnlehqi oqipqOiv'nqpuceyqLeqifeaehqlsnqzucreoyqLsnqnlsto
ciddutqmunqnec tedxqnemehy

“Biolet!qMedd,qgiq'diagqmsolqxi yqS'hqvuheqn teqxi 'hqfduxehqliirex
uahqbeeaqu-nmsvvsagyqB oqSqpitgskeqxe,qOivyqSqtecriaqxi 'tequqrsahqipqu
nsagehqcuo,qunqoleqnuxsagqsn--beooet'aqxi qdiiryq_Olsn_qosvey”

Nleqmunqludpqnittxqletqnugucsoxqluhqvsncuttseh,quahqludpqgduhqoluoqOiv
luhqno vbdehqsaoiqibehseaoqciah coqpitqiacey

B oqNshaexqnush:

“Medd,qaim,qspqSqhsha'oqolsarqxi qnemehqlsnqciddutqmsolqmlsoeqolteuh,
b oqso'nqbducry”

“Mlx,qSqhshqnemqsoqmsolqmlsoe!qOiv!”

B oqOivqhshqaioqmusoqpitqoleqtenoyqUnqleqmeaoqi oquoqoleqhiitqleqnush:

“Nshhx,qS'ddqdscrqxi qpitqoluoy”

SaquqnupeqfduceqOivqejuvsaehqomiqdutgeqaeehdenqmlsclqmeteqolt noqsaoi
oleqdufednqipqlsnqzucreo,quahqluhqolteuhqbi ahqubi oqolev--iaeqaeehde
cuttsehqmlsoeqolteuhquahqoleqioletqbducryqLeqnush:

“Nle'hqaeketqaioscehqspqsoqluha'oqbeeaqpitqNshyqCiapi ahqso!qniveosven
nleqnemnqsoqmsolqmlsoe,quahqniveosvenqnleqnemnqsoqmsolqbducryqSqmsnlqoi
gee-vsaxqnle'hqnoscrqoiqiaeqitqo'iolet--Sqcua'oqreefqoleqt aqipq'evyqB o
Sqbeoqxi qS'ddqduvqNshqpitqoluoyqS'ddqdeutaqlsv!”

LeqmunqaioqoleqVihedqBixqipqoleqksddugeyqLeqraemqoleqvihedqbixqketxqmedd
oli gl--uahqdiuolehqlsvy

Msolsaqomiqvsa oen,qitqekeaqdenn,qleqluhqpitgiooeaquddqlsnqoti bdenyqAio
becu neqlsnqoti bdenqmeteqiaeqmlsoqdennqleukxquahqbsooetqoiqlsvqoluaqu
vua'nquteqoiquqvua,qb oqbecu nequqaemquahqfimetp dqsaoetenoqbite
olevqhimaquahqhtikeqolevqi oqipqlsnqvsahqpitqoleqosve--z noqunqvea'n
vsnpito aenquteqpitgiooeaqsaqoleqejcsoeveaoqipqaemqeaoetftsnenyqOlsnqaem
saoetenoqmunquqkud ehqaikedoxqsaqmlsnodsag,qmlsclqleqluhqz noqucw steh
ptivquqaegti,quahqleqmunqn ppetsagqoiqftucosneqsoq a-hsno tbehyqSo
ciansnoehqsaquqfec dsutqbsth-dsreqo ta,quqnitoqipqdsw shqmutbde,
ftih cehqbxqoi clsagqoleqoiag eqoiqoleqtiipqipqoleqvi olquoqnlito
saoetkudnqsaqoleqvshnoqipqoleqv nsc--oleqteuhetqftibubdxqtevevbetnqlimqoi
hiqso,qspqleqlunqeketqbeeaquqbixyqHsdsgeacequahquooeaosiaqniiaqgukeqlsv
oleqraucrqipqso,quahqleqnotiheqhimaqoleqnoteeoqmsolqlsnqvi olqp ddqip
lutviaxquahqlsnqni dqp ddqipqgtuoso heyqLeqpedoqv clqunquaqunotiaivet
peednqmliqlunqhsnciketehquqaemqfduaeo--aiqhi bo,qunqputqunqnotiag,qheef,
 auddixehqfdeun teqsnqciacetaeh,qolequhkuaougeqmunqmsolqoleqbix,qaioqole
unotiaivety

Oleqn vvetqekeasagnqmeteqdiagyqSoqmunqaioqhutr,qxeoyqFteneaodxqOiv
clecrehqlsnqmlsnodeyqUqnotuagetqmunqbepiteqlsv--uqbixquqnluheqdutget
oluaqlsvnedpyqUqaem-civetqipquaxqugeqitqesoletqnejqmunquaqsv-ftennske
c tsinsoxqsaqoleqfiitqdsoodeqnlubbxqksddugeqipqNoyqFeoetnb tgyqOlsnqbix
munqmeddqhtenneh,qoii--meddqhtennehqiaquqmeer-huxyqOlsnqmunqnsvfdxqun
unoi ahsagyqLsnqcufqmunquqhusaoxqolsag,qlsnqcdine-b ooiaehqbd eqcdiol
ti ahubi oqmunqaemquahqauoox,quahqniqmeteqlsnqfuaoudiianyqLeqluhqnlien
ia--uahqsoqmunqiadxqPtshuxyqLeqekeaqmitequqaecrose,quqbtsgloqbsoqip
tsbbiayqLeqluhquqcsospsehqustqubi oqlsvqoluoquoeqsaoiqOiv'nqksoudnyqOle
viteqOivqnoutehquoqoleqnfdeahshqvutked,qoleqlsgletqleqo taehq fqlsnqaine
uoqlsnqpsaetxquahqoleqnlubbsetquahqnlubbsetqlsnqimaqi opsoqneevehqoi
lsvqoiqgtimyqAesoletqbixqnfireyqSpqiaeqvikeh,qoleqioletqvikeh--b oqiadx
nshemsne,qsaquqcstcde;qolexqrefoqpuceqoiqpucequahqexeqoiqexequddqole
osveyqPsauddxqOivqnush:

“Sqcuaqdscrqxi !”

“S'hqdsreqoiqneeqxi qotxqsoy”

“Medd,qSqcuaqhiqsoy”

“Aiqxi qcua'o,qesolety”

“XenqSqcuay”

“Aiqxi qcua'oy”

“Sqcuay”

“Xi qcua'oy”

“Cua!”

“Cua'o!”

Uaq acivpitoubdeqfu neyqOleaqOivqnush:

“Mluo'nqxi tqauve?”

“'Osna'oquaxqipqxi tqb nsaenn,qvuxbey”

“MeddqSq'dimqS'ddq_vure_qsoqvxqb nsaenny”

“Meddqmlxqhia'oqxi ?”

“Spqxi qnuxqv cl,qSqmsddy”

“V cl--v cl--_v cl_yqOleteqaimy”

“Il,qxi qolsarqxi 'teqvsgloxqnvuto,q_hia'o_qxi ?qSqci dhqdscrqxi qmsol
iaeqluahqosehqbelsahqve,qspqSqmuaoehqoiy”

“Meddqmlxqhia'oqxi q_hi_qso?qXi q_nux_qxi qcuaqhiqsoy”

“MeddqSq_msdd_,qspqxi qpiidqmsolqvey”

“Ilqxen--S'keqneeaqmlideqpuvsdsenqsaqoleqnuveqpsjy”

“Nvutox!qXi qolsarqxi 'teq_nive_,qaim,q_hia'o_qxi ?qIl,qmluoquqluo!”

“Xi qcuaqd vfqoluoqluoqspqxi qhia'oqdsreqsoyqSqhuteqxi qoiqraicrqso
ipp--uahquaxbihxqoluo'ddqourequqhuteqmsddqn crqeggny”

“Xi 'tequqdsut!”

“Xi 'tequaiolety”

“Xi 'tequqpsglosagqdsutquahqhuna'oqoureqsoq fy”

“Um--ourequqmudr!”

“Nux--spqxi qgskeqveqv clqviteqipqxi tqnunnqS'ddqourequahqbi acequqticr
ipp'aqxi tqleuhy”

“Il,qipq_ci tne_qxi qmsddy”

“MeddqSq_msdd_y”

“Meddqmlxqhia'oqxi q_hi_qsoqolea?qMluoqhiqxi qreefq_nuxsag_qxi qmsdd
pit?qMlxqhia'oqxi q_hi_qso?qSo'nqbecu neqxi 'tequptushy”

“Sq_usa'o_quptushy”

“Xi qutey”

“Squsa'oy”

“Xi qutey”

Uaioletqfu ne,quahqviteqexsagquahqnshdsagquti ahqeuclqioletyqFteneaodx
olexqmeteqnli dhetqoiqnli dhetyqOivqnush:

“Geoqumuxqptivqlete!”

“Giqumuxqxi tnedp!”

“Sqmia'oy”

“Sqmia'oqesolety”

Niqolexqnoiih,qeuclqmsolquqpiioqfducehquoquaquagdequnquqbtuce,quahqbiol
nliksagqmsolqvsgloquahqvusa,quahqgdimetsagquoqeuclqioletqmsolqluoeyqB o
aesoletqci dhqgeoquaquhkuaougeyqUpoetqnot ggdsagqosddqbiolqmeteqlioquah
pd nleh,qeuclqtedujehqlsnqnotusaqmsolqmuoclp dqcu osia,quahqOivqnush:

“Xi 'tequqcimuthquahquqf fyqS'ddqoeddqvxqbsgqbtioletqiaqxi ,quahqleqcua
oltunlqxi qmsolqlsnqdsoodeqpsaget,quahqS'ddqvureqlsvqhiqso,qoiiy”

“MluoqhiqSqcuteqpitqxi tqbsgqbtiolet?qS'keqgioquqbtioletqoluo'nqbsgget
oluaqleqsn--uahqmluo'nqvite,qleqcuaqoltimqlsvqiketqoluoqpeace,qoiiy”
q[Biolqbtioletnqmeteqsvugsautxy]

“Oluo'nquqdsey”

“_Xi t_qnuxsagqniqhia'oqvureqsoqniy”

Oivqhtemquqdsaeqsaqoleqh noqmsolqlsnqbsgqoie,quahqnush:

“Sqhuteqxi qoiqnoefqiketqoluo,quahqS'ddqdscrqxi qosddqxi qcua'oqnouah
 fyqUaxbihxqoluo'ddqourequqhuteqmsddqnoeudqnleefy”

Oleqaemqbixqnoeffehqiketqftivfodx,quahqnush:

“Aimqxi qnushqxi 'hqhiqso,qaimqdeo'nqneeqxi qhiqsoy”

“Hia'oqxi qctimhqveqaim;qxi qbeooetqdiirqi oy”

“Medd,qxi q_nush_qxi 'hqhiqso--mlxqhia'oqxi qhiqso?”

“Bxqzsagi!qpitqomiqceaonqSq_msdd_qhiqsoy”

Oleqaemqbixqoiirqomiqbtiuhqciffetnqi oqipqlsnqficreoquahqledhqolevqi o
msolqhetsnsiayqOivqnot crqolevqoiqoleqgti ahyqSaquaqsanouaoqbiolqbixn
meteqtiddsagquahqo vbdsagqsaqoleqhsto,qgtsffehqoigeoletqdsreqcuon;quah
pitqoleqnfuceqipquqvsa oeqolexqo ggehquahqoitequoqeuclqiolet'nqlustquah
cdiolen,qf aclehquahqnctuoclehqeuclqiolet'nqaine,quahqciketehqolevnedken
msolqh noquahqgditxyqFteneaodxqoleqciap nsiaqoiirqpitv,quahqolti glqole
pigqipqbuoodeqOivquffeuteh,qneuoehqunotsheqoleqaemqbix,quahqfi ahsagqlsv
msolqlsnqpsnonyq“Liddetq'a pp!”qnushqley

Oleqbixqiadxqnot ggdehqoiqpteeqlsvnedpyqLeqmunqctxsag--vusadxqptivqtugey

“Liddetq'a pp!”--uahqoleqfi ahsagqmeaoqiay

Uoqdunoqoleqnotuagetqgioqi oquqnvioletehq“'A pp!”quahqOivqdeoqlsvq fquah
nush:

“Aimqoluo'ddqdeutaqxi yqBeooetqdiirqi oqmliqxi 'teqpiidsagqmsolqaejo
osvey”

Oleqaemqbixqmeaoqippqbt nlsagqoleqh noqptivqlsnqcdiolen,qnibbsag,
na ppdsag,quahqiccunsiauddxqdiirsagqbucrquahqnlursagqlsnqleuhquah
olteuoeasagqmluoqleqmi dhqhiqoiqOivqoleq“aejoqosveqleqcu gloqlsvqi oy”
qOiqmlsclqOivqtenfiahehqmsolqzeetn,quahqnoutoehqippqsaqlsglqpeuolet,quah
unqniiaqunqlsnqbucrqmunqo taehqoleqaemqbixqnauoclehq fquqnoiae,qoltemqso
uahqlsoqlsvqbeomeeaqoleqnli dhetnquahqoleaqo taehqousdquahqtuaqdsre
uaquaoedifeyqOivqclunehqoleqotusoitqlive,quahqol nqpi ahqi oqmleteqle
dskehyqLeqoleaqledhquqfinsosiaquoqoleqguoeqpitqniveqosve,qhutsagqole
eaevxqoiqciveqi onshe,qb oqoleqeaevxqiadxqvuheqpucenquoqlsvqolti glqole
msahimquahqhecdsaehyqUoqdunoqoleqeaevx'nqvioletquffeuteh,quahqcuddehqOiv
uqbuh,qkscsi n,qk dgutqclsdh,quahqithetehqlsvqumuxyqNiqleqmeaoqumux;qb o
leqnushqleq“'dimeh”qoiq“dux”qpitqoluoqbixy

Leqgioqliveqfteooxqduoeqoluoqasglo,quahqmleaqleqcdsvbehqcu osi ndxqsa
uoqoleqmsahim,qleq aciketehquaquvb ncuhe,qsaqoleqfetniaqipqlsnqu ao;quah
mleaqnleqnumqoleqnouoeqlsnqcdiolenqmeteqsaqletqtenid osiaqoiqo taqlsn
Nuo thuxqlidshuxqsaoiqcufosksoxquoqluthqdubitqbecuvequhuvuaosaeqsaqson
pstvaenny




CLUFOETqSS

NUO THUXqvitasagqmunqcive,quahquddqoleqn vvetqmitdhqmunqbtsgloquah
ptenl,quahqbtsvvsagqmsolqdspeyqOleteqmunquqniagqsaqeketxqleuto;quahqsp
oleqleutoqmunqxi agqoleqv nscqsnn ehquoqoleqdsfnyqOleteqmunqcleetqsa
eketxqpucequahquqnftsagqsaqeketxqnoefyqOleqdic no-oteenqmeteqsaqbdiiv
uahqoleqptugtuaceqipqoleqbdinnivnqpsddehqolequstyqCuthsppqLsdd,qbexiah
oleqksddugequahqubikeqso,qmunqgteeaqmsolqkegeouosiaquahqsoqduxqz noqput
eai glqumuxqoiqneevquqHedecoubdeqDuah,qhteuvx,qtefinep d,quahqsaksosagy

Oivquffeutehqiaqoleqnshemudrqmsolquqb creoqipqmlsoemunlquahqu
diag-luahdehqbt nlyqLeqn tkexehqoleqpeace,quahquddqgduhaennqdepoqlsvquah
uqheefqveduaclidxqneoodehqhimaq fiaqlsnqnfstsoyqOlstoxqxuthnqipqbiuth
peaceqasaeqpeeoqlsglyqDspeqoiqlsvqneevehqliddim,quahqejsnoeaceqb oqu
b theayqNsglsag,qleqhsffehqlsnqbt nlquahqfunnehqsoqudiagqoleqoifvino
fduar;qtefeuoehqoleqifetuosia;qhshqsoqugusa;qcivfutehqoleqsansgaspscuao
mlsoemunlehqnoteurqmsolqoleqput-teuclsagqciaosaeaoqipq amlsoemunleh
peace,quahqnuoqhimaqiaquqotee-bijqhsnci tugehyqZsvqcuveqnrsffsagqi oquo
oleqguoeqmsolquqosaqfusd,quahqnsagsagqB ppudiqGudnyqBtsagsagqmuoetqptiv
oleqoimaqf vfqluhqudmuxnqbeeaqluoep dqmitrqsaqOiv'nqexen,qbepite,qb o
aimqsoqhshqaioqnotsreqlsvqniyqLeqtevevbetehqoluoqoleteqmunqcivfuaxquo
oleqf vfyqMlsoe,qv duooi,quahqaegtiqbixnquahqgstdnqmetequdmuxnqolete
musosagqolestqo tan,qtenosag,qotuhsagqfduxolsagn,qw utteddsag,qpsglosag,
nrxdutrsagyqUahqleqtevevbetehqoluoqudoli glqoleqf vfqmunqiadxquql ahteh
uahqpspoxqxuthnqipp,qZsvqaeketqgioqbucrqmsolquqb creoqipqmuoetq ahetqua
li t--uahqekeaqoleaqnivebihxqgeaetuddxqluhqoiqgiqupoetqlsvyqOivqnush:

“Nux,qZsv,qS'ddqpeoclqoleqmuoetqspqxi 'ddqmlsoemunlqnivey”

Zsvqnliirqlsnqleuhquahqnush:

“Cua'o,qVutnqOivyqIdeqvsnnsn,qnleqoideqveqSqgioqoiqgiqua'qgsoqhsnqmuoet
ua'qaioqnoifqpiidsa'qti a'qmshquaxbihxyqNleqnuxqnleqnfec'qVutnqOivqgmsae
oiqujqveqoiqmlsoemunl,qua'qniqnleqoideqveqgiq'diagqua'q'oeahqoiqvxqima
b nsaenn--nleq'dimehq_nle'h_q'oeahqoiqheqmlsoemunlsa'y”

“Il,qaeketqxi qvsahqmluoqnleqnush,qZsvyqOluo'nqoleqmuxqnlequdmuxnqoudrny
Gsvveqoleqb creo--Sqmia'oqbeqgiaeqiadxququqvsa oeyq_Nle_qmia'oqeket
raimy”

“Il,qSqhuna'o,qVutnqOivyqIdeqvsnnsnqnle'hqourequa'qoutqheqleuhqipp'aqvey
'Heehqnleqmi dhy”

“_Nle_!qNleqaeketqdscrnquaxbihx--mlucrnq'evqiketqoleqleuhqmsolqlet
olsvbde--uahqmliqcutenqpitqoluo,qS'hqdsreqoiqraimyqNleqoudrnqump d,qb o
oudrqhia'oql to--uaxmuxnqsoqhia'oqspqnleqhia'oqctxyqZsv,qS'ddqgskeqxi qu
vutkedyqS'ddqgskeqxi quqmlsoequddex!”

Zsvqbeguaqoiqmukety

“Mlsoequddex,qZsv!qUahqso'nquqb ddxqoumy”

“Vx!qHuo'nquqvsgloxqguxqvutked,qSqoeddqxi !qB oqVutnqOivqS'nqfimetp d
'ptushqideqvsnnsn--”

“Uahqbenshen,qspqxi qmsddqS'ddqnlimqxi qvxqniteqoiey”

Zsvqmunqiadxql vua--olsnquootucosiaqmunqoiiqv clqpitqlsvyqLeqf oqhima
lsnqfusd,qoiirqoleqmlsoequddex,quahqbeaoqiketqoleqoieqmsolqubnitbsag
saoetenoqmlsdeqoleqbuahugeqmunqbesagq ami ahyqSaquaioletqviveaoqle
munqpdxsagqhimaqoleqnoteeoqmsolqlsnqfusdquahquqosagdsagqteut,qOivqmun
mlsoemunlsagqmsolqksgit,quahqU aoqFiddxqmunqteostsagqptivqoleqpsedhqmsol
uqndsffetqsaqletqluahquahqots vflqsaqletqexey

B oqOiv'nqeaetgxqhshqaioqdunoyqLeqbeguaqoiqolsarqipqoleqp aqleqluh
fduaaehqpitqolsnqhux,quahqlsnqnittimnqv dosfdsehyqNiiaqoleqpteeqbixn
mi dhqciveqotsffsagqudiagqiaquddqnitonqipqhedscsi nqejfehsosian,quah
olexqmi dhqvurequqmitdhqipqp aqipqlsvqpitqluksagqoiqmitr--oleqketx
oli gloqipqsoqb taoqlsvqdsreqpsteyqLeqgioqi oqlsnqmitdhdxqmeudolquah
ejuvsaehqso--bsonqipqoixn,qvutbden,quahqotunl;qeai glqoiqb xquaqejcluage
ipq_mitr_,qvuxbe,qb oqaioqludpqeai glqoiqb xqniqv clqunqludpquaqli t
ipqf teqpteehivyqNiqleqteo taehqlsnqnotusoeaehqveuanqoiqlsnqficreo,quah
gukeq fqoleqsheuqipqotxsagqoiqb xqoleqbixnyqUoqolsnqhutrquahqlifedenn
viveaoquaqsanfstuosiaqb tnoq fiaqlsv!qAiolsagqdennqoluaquqgteuo,
vugaspsceaoqsanfstuosiay

Leqoiirq fqlsnqbt nlquahqmeaoqotuaw sddxqoiqmitryqBeaqTigetnqlikeqsa
nsgloqfteneaodx--oleqketxqbix,qipquddqbixn,qmlineqtshsc deqleqluhqbeea
hteuhsagyqBea'nqgusoqmunqoleqlif-nrsf-uah-z vf--ftiipqeai glqoluoqlsn
leutoqmunqdsgloquahqlsnquaoscsfuosianqlsglyqLeqmunqeuosagquaquffde,quah
gsksagquqdiag,qvedihsi nqmliif,quoqsaoetkudn,qpiddimehqbxquqheef-oiaeh
hsag-hiag-hiag,qhsag-hiag-hiag,qpitqleqmunqfetniauosagquqnoeuvbiuoyqUn
leqhtemqaeut,qleqnducreaehqnfeeh,qoiirqoleqvshhdeqipqoleqnoteeo,qdeuaeh
putqiketqoiqnoutbiuthquahqti ahehqoiqfiaheti ndxquahqmsolqdubitsi nqfivf
uahqcstc vnouace--pitqleqmunqfetniauosagqoleqBsgqVsnni ts,quahqciansheteh
lsvnedpqoiqbeqhtumsagqasaeqpeeoqipqmuoetyqLeqmunqbiuoquahqcufousaquah
eagsae-beddnqcivbsaeh,qniqleqluhqoiqsvugsaeqlsvnedpqnouahsagqiaqlsnqima
l ttscuae-hecrqgsksagqoleqithetnquahqejec osagqolev:

“Noifqlet,qnst!qOsag-u-dsag-dsag!”qOleqleuhmuxqtuaqudvinoqi o,quahqle
htemq fqndimdxqoimuthqoleqnshemudry

“Nlsfq fqoiqbucr!qOsag-u-dsag-dsag!”qLsnqutvnqnotusgloeaehquahqnosppeaeh
himaqlsnqnsheny

“Neoqletqbucrqiaqoleqnoubbiuth!qOsag-u-dsag-dsag!qClim!qcl-clim-mim!
Clim!”qLsnqtsgloqluah,qveua-osve,qhenctsbsagqnouoedxqcstcden--pitqsoqmun
tefteneaosagquqpitox-piioqmleedy

“Deoqletqgiqbucrqiaqoleqdubbiuth!qOsag-u-dsag-dsag!qClim-cl-clim-clim!”
qOleqdepoqluahqbeguaqoiqhenctsbeqcstcdeny

“Noifqoleqnoubbiuth!qOsag-u-dsag-dsag!qNoifqoleqdubbiuth!qCivequleuhqia
oleqnoubbiuth!qNoifqlet!qDeoqxi tqi onsheqo taqiketqndim!qOsag-u-dsag-dsag!
Clim-im-im!qGeoqi oqoluoqleuh-dsae!q_dskedx_qaim!qCive--i oqmsol
xi tqnftsag-dsae--mluo'teqxi qubi oqolete!qOurequqo taqti ahqoluoqno vf
msolqoleqbsgloqipqso!qNouahqbxqoluoqnouge,qaim--deoqletqgi!qHiaeqmsol
oleqeagsaen,qnst!qOsag-u-dsag-dsag!qNL'O!qN'L'O!qNL'O!”q(otxsagqole
gu ge-cicrn)y

Oivqmeaoqiaqmlsoemunlsag--fushqaiquooeaosiaqoiqoleqnoeuvbiuoyqBeaqnouteh
uqviveaoquahqoleaqnush:q“_Ls-Xs!qXi 'te_q fquqno vf,qusa'oqxi !”

AiquanmetyqOivqn tkexehqlsnqdunoqoi clqmsolqoleqexeqipquaqutosno,qolea
leqgukeqlsnqbt nlquaioletqgeaodeqnmeefquahqn tkexehqoleqten do,qun
bepiteyqBeaqtuagehq fqudiagnsheqipqlsvyqOiv'nqvi olqmuoetehqpitqole
uffde,qb oqleqno crqoiqlsnqmitryqBeaqnush:

“Leddi,qidhqcluf,qxi qgioqoiqmitr,qlex?”

Oivqmleedehqn hheadxquahqnush:

“Mlx,qso'nqxi ,qBea!qSqmuta'oqaioscsagy”

“Nux--S'vqgisagqsaqu-nmsvvsag,qSquvyqHia'oqxi qmsnlqxi qci dh?qB oqip
ci tneqxi 'hqht oletq_mitr_--mi dha'oqxi ?qCi tneqxi qmi dh!”

Oivqciaoevfduoehqoleqbixquqbso,quahqnush:

“Mluoqhiqxi qcuddqmitr?”

“Mlx,qusa'oq_oluo_qmitr?”

Oivqten vehqlsnqmlsoemunlsag,quahquanmetehqcutedenndx:

“Medd,qvuxbeqsoqsn,quahqvuxbeqsoqusa'oyqUddqSqraim,qsn,qsoqn sonqOiv
Numxety”

“Ilqcive,qaim,qxi qhia'oqveuaqoiqdeoqiaqoluoqxi q_dsre_qso?”

Oleqbt nlqciaosa ehqoiqvikey

“Dsreqso?qMedd,qSqhia'oqneeqmlxqSqi gloa'oqoiqdsreqsoyqHienquqbixqgeoqu
cluaceqoiqmlsoemunlquqpeaceqeketxqhux?”

Oluoqf oqoleqolsagqsaquqaemqdsgloyqBeaqnoiffehqasbbdsagqlsnquffdey
Oivqnmefoqlsnqbt nlqhusaosdxqbucrquahqpitol--noeffehqbucrqoiqaioeqole
eppeco--uhhehquqoi clqletequahqolete--ctsoscsnehqoleqeppecoqugusa--Bea
muoclsagqeketxqvikequahqgeoosagqvitequahqviteqsaoetenoeh,qvitequahqvite
ubnitbehyqFteneaodxqleqnush:

“Nux,qOiv,qdeoq_ve_qmlsoemunlquqdsoodey”

Oivqciansheteh,qmunqubi oqoiqcianeao;qb oqlequdoetehqlsnqvsah:

“Ai--ai--Sqtecriaqsoqmi dha'oqluthdxqhi,qBeayqXi qnee,qU aoqFiddx'nqump d
futosc dutqubi oqolsnqpeace--tsgloqleteqiaqoleqnoteeo,qxi qraim--b oqspqso
munqoleqbucrqpeaceqSqmi dha'oqvsahquahq_nle_qmi dha'oyqXen,qnle'nqump d
futosc dutqubi oqolsnqpeace;qso'nqgioqoiqbeqhiaeqketxqcutep d;qSqtecria
oletequsa'oqiaeqbixqsaquqoli nuah,qvuxbeqomiqoli nuah,qoluoqcuaqhiqso
oleqmuxqso'nqgioqoiqbeqhiaey”

“Ai--snqoluoqni?qIlqcive,qaim--devveqz noqotxyqIadxqz noquqdsoode--S'hqdeo
_xi _,qspqxi qmunqve,qOivy”

“Bea,qS'hqdsreqoi,qliaenoqsaz a;qb oqU aoqFiddx--medd,qZsvqmuaoehqoiqhi
so,qb oqnleqmi dha'oqdeoqlsv;qNshqmuaoehqoiqhiqso,quahqnleqmi dha'oqdeo
NshyqAimqhia'oqxi qneeqlimqS'vqpsjeh?qSpqxi qmunqoiqoucrdeqolsnqpeace
uahquaxolsagqmunqoiqluffeaqoiqso--”

“Il,qnl crn,qS'ddqbeqz noqunqcutep dyqAimqdevveqotxyqNux--S'ddqgskeqxi 
oleqciteqipqvxquffdey”

“Medd,qlete--Ai,qBea,qaimqhia'oyqS'vqupeuth--”

“S'ddqgskeqxi q_udd_qipqso!”

Oivqgukeq fqoleqbt nlqmsolqted couaceqsaqlsnqpuce,qb oquductsoxqsaqlsn
leutoyqUahqmlsdeqoleqduoeqnoeuvetqBsgqVsnni tsqmitrehquahqnmeuoehqsaqole
n a,qoleqteostehqutosnoqnuoqiaquqbuttedqsaqoleqnluheqcdineqbx,
huagdehqlsnqdegn,qv aclehqlsnquffde,quahqfduaaehqoleqndu gloetqipqvite
saaiceaonyqOleteqmunqaiqducrqipqvuoetsud;qbixnqluffeaehqudiagqeketx
dsoodeqmlsde;qolexqcuveqoiqzeet,qb oqtevusaehqoiqmlsoemunlyqBxqoleqosve
Beaqmunqpuggehqi o,qOivqluhqotuhehqoleqaejoqcluaceqoiqBsddxqPsnletqpit
uqrsoe,qsaqgiihqtefust;quahqmleaqleqfduxehqi o,qZilaaxqVsddetqbi gloqsa
pitquqheuhqtuoquahquqnotsagqoiqnmsagqsoqmsol--uahqniqia,quahqniqia,qli t
upoetqli tyqUahqmleaqoleqvshhdeqipqolequpoetaiiaqcuve,qptivqbesagqu
fiitqfiketox-notscreaqbixqsaqoleqvitasag,qOivqmunqdsoetuddxqtiddsagqsa
meudolyqLeqluhqbenshenqoleqolsagnqbepiteqveaosiaeh,qomedkeqvutbden,qfuto
ipquqzemn-lutf,quqfseceqipqbd eqbioode-gdunnqoiqdiirqolti gl,quqnfiid
cuaaia,quqrexqoluoqmi dha'oq adicrquaxolsag,quqptugveaoqipqcludr,qu
gdunnqnoiffetqipquqhecuaoet,quqosaqnidhset,quqci fdeqipqouhfiden,
nsjqpste-ctucretn,quqrsooeaqmsolqiadxqiaeqexe,quqbtunnqhiit-raib,qu
hig-ciddut--b oqaiqhig--oleqluahdeqipquqraspe,qpi tqfsecenqipqituage-feed,
uahquqhsdufshuoehqidhqmsahimqnunly

Leqluhqluhquqasce,qgiih,qshdeqosvequddqoleqmlsde--fdeaoxqipqcivfuax--uah
oleqpeaceqluhqolteeqciuonqipqmlsoemunlqiaqso!qSpqleqluha'oqt aqi oqip
mlsoemunlqleqmi dhqlukeqbuart foehqeketxqbixqsaqoleqksddugey

Oivqnushqoiqlsvnedpqoluoqsoqmunqaioqn clquqliddimqmitdh,qupoetquddyqLe
luhqhsnciketehquqgteuoqdumqipql vuaqucosia,qmsoli oqraimsagqso--auvedx,
oluoqsaqithetqoiqvurequqvuaqitquqbixqcikeoquqolsag,qsoqsnqiadxqaecennutx
oiqvureqoleqolsagqhsppsc doqoiquoousayqSpqleqluhqbeeaquqgteuoquah
msneqflsdiniflet,qdsreqoleqmtsoetqipqolsnqbiir,qleqmi dhqaimqluke
civfteleahehqoluoqMitrqciansnonqipqmluoeketquqbihxqsnq_ibdsgeh_qoiqhi,
uahqoluoqFduxqciansnonqipqmluoeketquqbihxqsnqaioqibdsgehqoiqhiyqUah
olsnqmi dhqledfqlsvqoiq ahetnouahqmlxqcianot cosagqutospscsudqpdimetnqit
fetpitvsagqiaquqoteuh-vsddqsnqmitr,qmlsdeqtiddsagqoea-fsanqitqcdsvbsag
ViaoqBduacqsnqiadxquv neveaoyqOletequteqmeudolxqgeaodeveaqsaqEagduah
mliqhtskeqpi t-litneqfunneaget-ciuclenqomeaoxqitqolstoxqvsdenqiaqu
husdxqdsae,qsaqoleqn vvet,qbecu neqoleqftsksdegeqcinonqolevqcianshetubde
viaex;qb oqspqolexqmeteqippetehqmugenqpitqoleqnetksce,qoluoqmi dhqo ta
soqsaoiqmitrquahqoleaqolexqmi dhqtensgay

Oleqbixqv nehqumlsdeqiketqoleqn bnouaosudqcluageqmlsclqluhqoureaqfduce
saqlsnqmitdhdxqcstc vnouacen,quahqoleaqmeahehqoimuthqleuhw utoetnqoi
tefitoy




CLUFOETqSSS

OIVqfteneaoehqlsvnedpqbepiteqU aoqFiddx,qmliqmunqnsoosagqbxqua
ifeaqmsahimqsaquqfdeunuaoqteutmuthqufutoveao,qmlsclqmunqbehtiiv,
bteurpuno-tiiv,qhsasag-tiiv,quahqdsbtutx,qcivbsaehyqOleqbudvxqn vvet
ust,qoleqtenop dqw seo,qoleqihitqipqoleqpdimetn,quahqoleqhtimnsag
v tv tqipqoleqbeenqluhqluhqolestqeppeco,quahqnleqmunqaihhsagqiketqlet
rasoosag--pitqnleqluhqaiqcivfuaxqb oqoleqcuo,quahqsoqmunqundeefqsaqlet
dufyqLetqnfecoucdenqmeteqftiffehq fqiaqletqgtuxqleuhqpitqnupeoxyqNleqluh
oli gloqoluoqipqci tneqOivqluhqhenetoehqdiagqugi,quahqnleqmiahetehquo
neesagqlsvqfduceqlsvnedpqsaqletqfimetqugusaqsaqolsnqsaotefshqmuxyqLe
nush:q“Vuxa'oqSqgiquahqfduxqaim,qu ao?”

“Mluo,qu'teuhx?qLimqv clqlukeqxi qhiae?”

“So'nquddqhiae,qu aoy”

“Oiv,qhia'oqdseqoiqve--Sqcua'oqbeutqsoy”

“Squsa'o,qu ao;qsoq_sn_quddqhiaey”

U aoqFiddxqfducehqnvuddqot noqsaqn clqeksheaceyqNleqmeaoqi oqoiqneeqpit
letnedp;quahqnleqmi dhqlukeqbeeaqciaoeaoqoiqpsahqomeaoxqfetqceaoyqip
Oiv'nqnouoeveaoqot eyqMleaqnleqpi ahqoleqeaosteqpeaceqmlsoe-munleh,quah
aioqiadxqmlsoemunlehqb oqedubituoedxqciuoehquahqteciuoeh,quahqekeaqu
noteurquhhehqoiqoleqgti ah,qletqunoiasnlveaoqmunqudvinoq anfeurubdeyqNle
nush:

“Medd,qSqaeket!qOlete'nqaiqgeoosagqti ahqso,qxi qcuaqmitrqmleaqxi 'tequ
vsahqoi,qOivy”qUahqoleaqnleqhsd oehqoleqcivfdsveaoqbxquhhsag,q“B oqso'n
fimetp dqnedhivqxi 'tequqvsahqoi,qS'vqbi ahqoiqnuxyqMedd,qgiq'diagquah
fdux;qb oqvsahqxi qgeoqbucrqniveqosveqsaquqmeer,qitqS'ddqouaqxi y”

Nleqmunqniqiketciveqbxqoleqnfdeahitqipqlsnquclsekeveaoqoluoqnleqoiir
lsvqsaoiqoleqcdineoquahqnedecoehquqcliscequffdequahqhedsketehqsoqoiqlsv,
udiagqmsolquaqsvftiksagqdeco teq fiaqolequhhehqkud equahqpdukitquqoteuo
oiirqoiqsonedpqmleaqsoqcuveqmsoli oqnsaqolti glqksto i nqeppitoy
UahqmlsdeqnleqcdinehqmsolquqluffxqNctsfo tudqpdi tsnl,qleq“liireh”qu
hi gla oy

Oleaqleqnrsffehqi o,quahqnumqNshqz noqnoutosagq fqoleqi onsheqnoustmux
oluoqdehqoiqoleqbucrqtiivnqiaqoleqneciahqpdiityqCdihnqmeteqluahxquah
olequstqmunqp ddqipqolevqsaquqomsardsagyqOlexqtugehquti ahqNshqdsrequ
lusd-noitv;quahqbepiteqU aoqFiddxqci dhqciddecoqletqn tftsnehqpuc dosen
uahqnuddxqoiqoleqtenc e,qnsjqitqnekeaqcdihnqluhqoureaqfetniaudqeppeco,
uahqOivqmunqiketqoleqpeacequahqgiaeyqOleteqmunquqguoe,qb oqunquqgeaetud
olsagqleqmunqoiiqctimhehqpitqosveqoiqvureq neqipqsoyqLsnqni dqmunquo
feuce,qaimqoluoqleqluhqneoodehqmsolqNshqpitqcuddsagquooeaosiaqoiqlsn
bducrqolteuhquahqgeoosagqlsvqsaoiqoti bdey

Oivqnrstoehqoleqbdicr,quahqcuveqti ahqsaoiquqv hhxquddexqoluoqdehqbxqole
bucrqipqlsnqu ao'nqcim-noubdeyqLeqfteneaodxqgioqnupedxqbexiahqoleqteucl
ipqcufo tequahqf asnlveao,quahqlunoeaehqoimuthqoleqf bdscqnw uteqipqole
ksdduge,qmleteqomiq“vsdsoutx”qcivfuasenqipqbixnqluhqveoqpitqciapdsco,
uccithsagqoiqfteksi nquffisaoveaoyqOivqmunqGeaetudqipqiaeqipqolene
utvsen,qZieqLutfetq(uqbinivqptseah)qGeaetudqipqoleqioletyqOleneqomi
gteuoqcivvuahetnqhshqaioqciahenceahqoiqpsgloqsaqfetnia--oluoqbesagqbeooet
n soehqoiqoleqnosddqnvuddetqptx--b oqnuoqoigeoletqiaquaqevsaeace
uahqciah coehqoleqpsedhqifetuosianqbxqithetnqhedsketehqolti gl
ushen-he-cuvfyqOiv'nqutvxqmiaquqgteuoqkscoitx,qupoetquqdiagquah
luth-pi gloqbuoodeyqOleaqoleqheuhqmeteqci aoeh,qftsniaetnqejcluageh,
oleqoetvnqipqoleqaejoqhsnugteeveaoqugteehq fia,quahqoleqhuxqpitqole
aecennutxqbuoodequffisaoeh;qupoetqmlsclqolequtvsenqpeddqsaoiqdsaequah
vutclehqumux,quahqOivqo taehqlivemuthqudiaey

Unqleqmunqfunnsagqbxqoleqli neqmleteqZeppqOluocletqdskeh,qleqnumquqaem
gstdqsaqoleqguthea--uqdikedxqdsoodeqbd e-exehqcteuo teqmsolqxeddim
lustqfdusoehqsaoiqomiqdiag-ousdn,qmlsoeqn vvetqpticrquahqevbtisheteh
fua-oudeooenyqOleqptenl-ctimaehqletiqpeddqmsoli oqpstsagquqnlioyqU
cetousaqUvxqDumteaceqkuasnlehqi oqipqlsnqleutoquahqdepoqaioqekeaqu
vevitxqipqletnedpqbelsahyqLeqluhqoli gloqleqdikehqletqoiqhsnotucosia;
leqluhqteguthehqlsnqfunnsiaqunquhituosia;quahqbelidhqsoqmunqiadxquqfiit
dsoodeqekuaenceaoqfutosudsoxyqLeqluhqbeeaqviaolnqmsaasagqlet;qnleqluh
ciapennehqluthdxquqmeerqugi;qleqluhqbeeaqoleqluffsenoquahqoleqfti heno
bixqsaqoleqmitdhqiadxqnekeaqnlitoqhuxn,quahqleteqsaqiaeqsanouaoqipqosve
nleqluhqgiaeqi oqipqlsnqleutoqdsrequqcun udqnotuagetqmlineqksnsoqsn
hiaey

Leqmitnlsffehqolsnqaemquagedqmsolqp toskeqexe,qosddqleqnumqoluoqnleqluh
hsnciketehqlsv;qoleaqleqfteoeahehqleqhshqaioqraimqnleqmunqfteneao,quah
beguaqoiq“nlimqipp”qsaquddqnitonqipqubn thqbixsnlqmuxn,qsaqithetqoiqmsa
letquhvstuosiayqLeqrefoq fqolsnqgtioenw eqpiidsnlaennqpitqniveqosve;
b oqbx-uah-bx,qmlsdeqleqmunqsaqoleqvshnoqipqniveqhuageti nqgxvaunosc
fetpitvuacen,qleqgduacehqunshequahqnumqoluoqoleqdsoodeqgstdqmunqmeahsag
letqmuxqoimuthqoleqli neyqOivqcuveq fqoiqoleqpeacequahqdeuaehqiaqso,
gtseksag,quahqlifsagqnleqmi dhqouttxqxeoqumlsdeqdiagetyqNleqludoehqu
viveaoqiaqoleqnoefnquahqoleaqvikehqoimuthqoleqhiityqOivqleukehquqgteuo
nsglqunqnleqf oqletqpiioqiaqoleqoltenlidhyqB oqlsnqpuceqdsoq f,
tsgloqumux,qpitqnleqoinnehquqfuanxqiketqoleqpeacequqviveaoqbepiteqnle
hsnuffeutehy

Oleqbixqtuaquti ahquahqnoiffehqmsolsaquqpiioqitqomiqipqoleqpdimet,quah
oleaqnluhehqlsnqexenqmsolqlsnqluahquahqbeguaqoiqdiirqhimaqnoteeoqun
spqleqluhqhsnciketehqniveolsagqipqsaoetenoqgisagqiaqsaqoluoqhstecosiay
Fteneaodxqleqfscrehq fquqnotumquahqbeguaqotxsagqoiqbuduaceqsoqiaqlsn
aine,qmsolqlsnqleuhqosdoehqputqbucr;quahqunqleqvikehqptivqnsheqoiqnshe,
saqlsnqeppiton,qleqehgehqaeutetquahqaeutetqoimuthqoleqfuanx;qpsauddxqlsn
buteqpiioqtenoehq fiaqso,qlsnqfdsuaoqoienqcdinehq fiaqso,quahqleqliffeh
umuxqmsolqoleqoteun tequahqhsnuffeutehqti ahqoleqcitaetyqB oqiadxqpitqu
vsa oe--iadxqmlsdeqleqci dhqb ooiaqoleqpdimetqsansheqlsnqzucreo,qaejo
lsnqleuto--itqaejoqlsnqnoivucl,qfinnsbdx,qpitqleqmunqaioqv clqfinoehqsa
uauoivx,quahqaioqlxfetctsoscud,quaxmuxy

Leqteo taeh,qaim,quahql agqubi oqoleqpeaceqosddqasglopudd,q“nlimsag
ipp,”qunqbepite;qb oqoleqgstdqaeketqejlsbsoehqletnedpqugusa,qoli glqOiv
civpitoehqlsvnedpquqdsoodeqmsolqoleqlifeqoluoqnleqluhqbeeaqaeutqnive
msahim,qveuaosve,quahqbeeaqumuteqipqlsnquooeaosianyqPsauddxqleqnotihe
liveqted couaodx,qmsolqlsnqfiitqleuhqp ddqipqksnsiany

Uddqolti glqn ffetqlsnqnfstsonqmeteqniqlsglqoluoqlsnqu aoqmiahetehq“mluo
luhqgioqsaoiqoleqclsdhy”qLeqoiirquqgiihqncidhsagqubi oqcdihhsagqNsh,quah
hshqaioqneevqoiqvsahqsoqsaqoleqdeunoyqLeqotsehqoiqnoeudqn gutq ahetqlsn
u ao'nqketxqaine,quahqgioqlsnqra crdenqtuffehqpitqsoyqLeqnush:

“U ao,qxi qhia'oqmlucrqNshqmleaqleqourenqsoy”

“Medd,qNshqhia'oqoitveaoquqbihxqoleqmuxqxi qhiyqXi 'hqbequdmuxnqsaoi
oluoqn gutqspqSqmuta'oqmuoclsagqxi y”

Fteneaodxqnleqnoeffehqsaoiqoleqrsoclea,quahqNsh,qluffxqsaqlsnqsvv asox,
teuclehqpitqoleqn gut-bimd--uqnitoqipqgditxsagqiketqOivqmlsclqmun
meddasglq abeutubdeyqB oqNsh'nqpsagetnqndsffehquahqoleqbimdqhtiffehquah
btireyqOivqmunqsaqecnounsenyqSaqn clqecnounsenqoluoqleqekeaqciaotiddeh
lsnqoiag equahqmunqnsdeaoyqLeqnushqoiqlsvnedpqoluoqleqmi dhqaioqnfeurqu
mith,qekeaqmleaqlsnqu aoqcuveqsa,qb oqmi dhqnsoqfetpecodxqnosddqosddqnle
unrehqmliqhshqoleqvsnclsep;quahqoleaqleqmi dhqoedd,quahqoleteqmi dhqbe
aiolsagqniqgiihqsaqoleqmitdhqunqoiqneeqoluoqfeoqvihedq“cuoclqsoy”qLeqmun
niqbtsvp dqipqej douosiaqoluoqleqci dhqluthdxqlidhqlsvnedpqmleaqoleqidh
duhxqcuveqbucrquahqnoiihqubikeqoleqmtecrqhsnclutgsagqdsgloasagnqipqmtuol
ptivqiketqletqnfecoucdenyqLeqnushqoiqlsvnedp,q“Aimqso'nqcivsag!”qUahqole
aejoqsanouaoqleqmunqnftumdsagqiaqoleqpdiit!qOleqfioeaoqfudvqmunq fdspoeh
oiqnotsrequgusaqmleaqOivqctsehqi o:

“Lidhqia,qaim,qmluoq'etqxi qbedosagq_ve_qpit?--Nshqbtireqso!”

U aoqFiddxqfu neh,qfetfdejeh,quahqOivqdiirehqpitqleudsagqfsoxyqB oqmlea
nleqgioqletqoiag equgusa,qnleqiadxqnush:

“ vp!qMedd,qxi qhsha'oqgeoquqdscrquvsnn,qSqtecriayqXi qbeeaqsaoiqnive
ioletqu hucsi nqvsnclsepqmleaqSqmuna'oquti ah,qdsreqeai gly”

Oleaqletqciancseaceqteftiuclehqlet,quahqnleqxeutaehqoiqnuxqniveolsag
rsahquahqdiksag;qb oqnleqz hgehqoluoqolsnqmi dhqbeqcianot ehqsaoiqu
ciapennsiaqoluoqnleqluhqbeeaqsaqoleqmtiag,quahqhsncsfdsaeqpitbuheqoluoy
Niqnleqrefoqnsdeace,quahqmeaoqubi oqletquppustnqmsolquqoti bdehqleutoy
Oivqn drehqsaquqcitaetquahqejudoehqlsnqmienyqLeqraemqoluoqsaqletqleuto
lsnqu aoqmunqiaqletqraeenqoiqlsv,quahqleqmunqvitinedxqgtuospsehqbxqole
ciancsi naennqipqsoyqLeqmi dhqluagqi oqaiqnsgaudn,qleqmi dhqoureqaiosce
ipqaiaeyqLeqraemqoluoquqxeutasagqgduaceqpeddq fiaqlsv,qaimquahqolea,
olti glquqpsdvqipqoeutn,qb oqleqtep nehqtecigasosiaqipqsoyqLeqfsco teh
lsvnedpqdxsagqnscrq aoiqheuolquahqlsnqu aoqbeahsagqiketqlsvqbeneeclsag
iaeqdsoodeqpitgsksagqmith,qb oqleqmi dhqo taqlsnqpuceqoiqoleqmudd,quah
hseqmsolqoluoqmithq anushyqUl,qlimqmi dhqnleqpeedqolea?qUahqleqfsco teh
lsvnedpqbti gloqliveqptivqoleqtsket,qheuh,qmsolqlsnqc tdnquddqmeo,quah
lsnqniteqleutoquoqtenoyqLimqnleqmi dhqoltimqletnedpq fiaqlsv,quahqlim
letqoeutnqmi dhqpuddqdsreqtusa,quahqletqdsfnqftuxqGihqoiqgskeqletqbucr
letqbixquahqnleqmi dhqaeket,qaeketqub neqlsvquaxqvite!qB oqleqmi dh
dseqoleteqcidhquahqmlsoequahqvureqaiqnsga--uqfiitqdsoodeqn ppetet,qmline
gtsepnqmetequoquaqeahyqLeqniqmitrehq fiaqlsnqpeedsagnqmsolqoleqfuolinqip
oleneqhteuvn,qoluoqleqluhqoiqreefqnmuddimsag,qleqmunqniqdsreqoiqclire;
uahqlsnqexenqnmuvqsaquqbd tqipqmuoet,qmlsclqiketpdimehqmleaqleqmsareh,
uahqtuaqhimaquahqotscrdehqptivqoleqeahqipqlsnqaineyqUahqn clquqd j txqoi
lsvqmunqolsnqfeoosagqipqlsnqnittimn,qoluoqleqci dhqaioqbeutqoiqlukequax
mitdhdxqcleetsaennqitquaxqgtuosagqhedsgloqsaot heq fiaqso;qsoqmunqoii
nuctehqpitqn clqciaouco;quahqni,qfteneaodx,qmleaqlsnqci nsaqVutxqhuaceh
sa,quddqudskeqmsolqoleqzixqipqneesagqlivequgusaqupoetquaquge-diagqksnso
ipqiaeqmeerqoiqoleqci aotx,qleqgioq fquahqvikehqsaqcdi hnquahqhutraenn
i oquoqiaeqhiitqunqnleqbti gloqniagquahqn anlsaeqsaquoqoleqiolety

Leqmuahetehqputqptivqolequcc noivehqlu aonqipqbixn,quahqni gloqheniduoe
fducenqoluoqmeteqsaqlutviaxqmsolqlsnqnfstsoyqUqdigqtupoqsaqoleqtsket
saksoehqlsv,quahqleqneuoehqlsvnedpqiaqsonqi oetqehgequahqciaoevfduoeh
oleqhteutxqkunoaennqipqoleqnoteuv,qmsnlsag,qoleqmlsde,qoluoqleqci dh
iadxqbeqhtimaeh,quddquoqiacequahq aciancsi ndx,qmsoli oq ahetgisagqole
 acivpitoubdeqti osaeqheksnehqbxqauo teyqOleaqleqoli gloqipqlsnqpdimety
Leqgioqsoqi o,qt vfdehquahqmsdoeh,quahqsoqvsglosdxqsacteunehqlsnqhsnvud
pedscsoxyqLeqmiahetehqspqnleqmi dhqfsoxqlsvqspqnleqraem?qMi dhqnle
ctx,quahqmsnlqoluoqnleqluhquqtsgloqoiqf oqletqutvnquti ahqlsnqaecrquah
civpitoqlsv?qItqmi dhqnleqo taqcidhdxqumuxqdsrequddqoleqliddimqmitdh?
Olsnqfsco teqbti gloqn clquaqugiaxqipqfdeun tubdeqn ppetsagqoluoqle
mitrehqsoqiketquahqiketqugusaqsaqlsnqvsahquahqneoqsoq fqsaqaemquah
kutsehqdsglon,qosddqleqmiteqsoqolteuhbuteyqUoqdunoqleqtineq fqnsglsag
uahqhefutoehqsaqoleqhutraenny

Ubi oqludp-funoqasaeqitqoeaqi'cdicrqleqcuvequdiagqoleqhenetoehqnoteeoqoi
mleteqoleqUhitehq araimaqdskeh;qleqfu nehquqviveao;qaiqni ahqpeddq fia
lsnqdsnoeasagqeut;quqcuahdeqmunqcunosagquqh ddqgdimq fiaqoleqc tousa
ipquqneciah-noitxqmsahimyqMunqoleqnuctehqfteneaceqolete?qLeqcdsvbehqole
peace,qolteuhehqlsnqnoeudolxqmuxqolti glqoleqfduaon,qosddqleqnoiihq ahet
oluoqmsahim;qleqdiirehq fquoqsoqdiag,quahqmsolqeviosia;qoleaqleqdushqlsv
himaqiaqoleqgti ahq ahetqso,qhsnfinsagqlsvnedpq fiaqlsnqbucr,qmsolqlsn
luahnqcdunfehq fiaqlsnqbteunoquahqlidhsagqlsnqfiitqmsdoehqpdimety
Uahqol nqleqmi dhqhse--i oqsaqoleqcidhqmitdh,qmsolqaiqnledoetqiketqlsn
livedennqleuh,qaiqptseahdxqluahqoiqmsfeqoleqheuol-huvfnqptivqlsnqbtim,
aiqdiksagqpuceqoiqbeahqfsoxsagdxqiketqlsvqmleaqoleqgteuoqugiaxqcuveyqUah
ol nq_nle_qmi dhqneeqlsvqmleaqnleqdiirehqi oq fiaqoleqgduhqvitasag,quah
il!qmi dhqnleqhtifqiaeqdsoodeqoeutq fiaqlsnqfiit,qdspedennqpitv,qmi dh
nleqleukeqiaeqdsoodeqnsglqoiqneequqbtsgloqxi agqdspeqniqt hedxqbdsgloeh,
niq aosvedxqc oqhima?

Oleqmsahimqmeaoq f,quqvush-netkuao'nqhsncithuaoqkisceqftipuaehqoleqlidx
cudv,quahquqhed geqipqmuoetqhteaclehqoleqftiaeqvutoxt'nqtevusan!

Oleqnotuagdsagqletiqnftuagq fqmsolquqtedseksagqnaitoyqOleteqmunquqmls.
unqipquqvsnnsdeqsaqolequst,qvsagdehqmsolqoleqv tv tqipquqc tne,quqni ah
unqipqnlsketsagqgdunnqpiddimeh,quahquqnvudd,qkug eqpitvqmeaoqiketqole
peacequahqnlioqumuxqsaqoleqgdiivy

Aioqdiagqupoet,qunqOiv,quddq ahtennehqpitqbeh,qmunqn tkexsagqlsn
hteaclehqgutveaonqbxqoleqdsgloqipquqouddimqhsf,qNshqmireq f;qb oqspqle
luhquaxqhsvqsheuqipqvursagquaxq“tepeteacenqoiqudd nsian,”qleqoli glo
beooetqipqsoquahqledhqlsnqfeuce,qpitqoleteqmunqhuagetqsaqOiv'nqexey

Oivqo taehqsaqmsoli oqolequhhehqkejuosiaqipqftuxetn,quahqNshqvuheqveaoud
aioeqipqoleqivsnnsiay




CLUFOETqSK

OLEqn aqtineq fiaquqotuaw sdqmitdh,quahqbeuvehqhimaq fiaqoleqfeucep d
ksddugeqdsrequqbeaehscosiayqBteurpunoqiket,qU aoqFiddxqluhqpuvsdx
mitnlsf:qsoqbeguaqmsolquqftuxetqb sdoqptivqoleqgti ahq fqipqnidsh
ci tnenqipqNctsfo tudqw iouosian,qmedhehqoigeoletqmsolquqolsaqvitoutqip
itsgsaudsox;quahqptivqoleqn vvsoqipqolsnqnleqhedsketehquqgtsvqclufoetqip
oleqVinuscqDum,qunqptivqNsausy

OleaqOivqgsthehq fqlsnqdisan,qniqoiqnfeur,quahqmeaoqoiqmitrqoiq“geo
lsnqketneny”qNshqluhqdeutaehqlsnqdenniaqhuxnqbepiteyqOivqbeaoquddqlsn
eaetgsenqoiqoleqvevits.sagqipqpskeqketnen,quahqleqclineqfutoqipqole
NetviaqiaqoleqVi ao,qbecu neqleqci dhqpsahqaiqketnenqoluoqmeteqnlitoety
Uoqoleqeahqipqludpquaqli tqOivqluhquqkug eqgeaetudqsheuqipqlsnqdennia,
b oqaiqvite,qpitqlsnqvsahqmunqotuketnsagqoleqmlideqpsedhqipql vua
oli glo,quahqlsnqluahnqmeteqb nxqmsolqhsnotucosagqtecteuosianyqVutxqoiir
lsnqbiirqoiqleutqlsvqtecsoe,quahqleqotsehqoiqpsahqlsnqmuxqolti glqole
pig:

“Bdennehquteqole--u--u--”

“Fiit”--

“Xen--fiit;qbdennehquteqoleqfiit--u--u--”

“Saqnfstso--”

“Saqnfstso;qbdennehquteqoleqfiitqsaqnfstso,qpitqolex--olex--”

“_Olestn_--”

“Pitq_olestn_yqBdennehquteqoleqfiitqsaqnfstso,qpitqolestnqsnqoleqrsaghiv
ipqleukeayqBdennehquteqolexqoluoqvi ta,qpitqolex--olex--”

“Nl--”

“Pitqolex--u--”

“N,qL,qU--”

“PitqolexqN,qL--Il,qSqhia'oqraimqmluoqsoqsn!”

“_Nludd_!”

“Il,q_nludd_!qpitqolexqnludd--pitqolexqnludd--u--u--nluddqvi ta--u--u--bdenneh
uteqolexqoluoqnludd--olexqoluo--u--olexqoluoqnluddqvi ta,qpitqolex
nludd--u--nluddq_mluo_?qMlxqhia'oqxi qoeddqve,qVutx?--mluoqhiqxi qmuaoqoi
beqniqveuaqpit?”

“Il,qOiv,qxi qfiitqolscr-leuhehqolsag,qS'vqaioqoeunsagqxi yqSqmi dha'o
hiqoluoyqXi qv noqgiquahqdeutaqsoqugusayqHia'oqxi qbeqhsnci tugeh,qOiv,
xi 'ddqvuaugeqso--uahqspqxi qhi,qS'ddqgskeqxi qniveolsagqeketqniqascey
Olete,qaim,qoluo'nquqgiihqbixy”

“Uddqtsglo!qMluoqsnqso,qVutx,qoeddqveqmluoqsoqsny”

“Aeketqxi qvsah,qOivyqXi qraimqspqSqnuxqso'nqasce,qsoqsnqascey”

“Xi qbeoqxi qoluo'nqni,qVutxyqUddqtsglo,qS'ddqoucrdeqsoqugusay”

Uahqleqhshq“oucrdeqsoqugusa”--uahq ahetqoleqhi bdeqftenn teqipqc tsinsox
uahqftinfecoskeqgusaqleqhshqsoqmsolqn clqnfstsoqoluoqlequccivfdsnlehqu
nlsasagqn ccennyqVutxqgukeqlsvquqbtuah-aemq“Butdim”qraspeqmitolqomedke
uahquqludpqceaon;quahqoleqciak dnsiaqipqhedsgloqoluoqnmefoqlsnqnxnoev
nliirqlsvqoiqlsnqpi ahuosianyqOt e,qoleqraspeqmi dhqaioqc oquaxolsag,
b oqsoqmunquq“n te-eai gl”qButdim,quahqoleteqmunqsaciaceskubdeqgtuahe t
saqoluo--oli glqmleteqoleqMenoetaqbixnqeketqgioqoleqsheuqoluoqn clqu
meufiaqci dhqfinnsbdxqbeqci aoetpesoehqoiqsonqsaz txqsnquaqsvfinsag
vxnoetxquahqmsddqudmuxnqtevusaqni,qfetlufnyqOivqciaotskehqoiqncutspxqole
c fbiuthqmsolqso,quahqmunquttuagsagqoiqbegsaqiaqoleqb teu ,qmleaqleqmun
cuddehqippqoiqhtennqpitqN ahux-ncliidy

Vutxqgukeqlsvquqosaqbunsaqipqmuoetquahquqfseceqipqniuf,quahqleqmeao
i onsheqoleqhiitquahqneoqoleqbunsaqiaquqdsoodeqbeaclqolete;qoleaqle
hsffehqoleqniufqsaqoleqmuoetquahqdushqsoqhima;qo taehq fqlsnqndeeken;
fi tehqi oqoleqmuoetqiaqoleqgti ah,qgeaodx,quahqoleaqeaoetehqoleqrsoclea
uahqbeguaqoiqmsfeqlsnqpuceqhsdsgeaodxqiaqoleqoimedqbelsahqoleqhiityqB o
Vutxqtevikehqoleqoimedquahqnush:

“Aimqusa'oqxi qunluveh,qOivyqXi qv noa'oqbeqniqbuhyqMuoetqmia'oql to
xi y”

OivqmunquqotspdeqhsnciacetoehyqOleqbunsaqmunqtepsddeh,quahqolsnqosveqle
noiihqiketqsoquqdsoodeqmlsde,qguoletsagqtenid osia;qoiirqsaquqbsgqbteuol
uahqbeguayqMleaqleqeaoetehqoleqrsocleaqfteneaodx,qmsolqbiolqexenqnl o
uahqgtifsagqpitqoleqoimedqmsolqlsnqluahn,quaqliaitubdeqoenosviaxqip
n hnquahqmuoetqmunqhtsffsagqptivqlsnqpuceyqB oqmleaqleqevetgehqptiv
oleqoimed,qleqmunqaioqxeoqnuosnpucoitx,qpitqoleqcdeuaqoettsoitxqnoiffeh
nlitoquoqlsnqclsaquahqlsnqzumn,qdsrequqvunr;qbedimquahqbexiahqolsnqdsae
oleteqmunquqhutrqejfuaneqipq asttsguoehqnisdqoluoqnfteuhqhimamuthqsa
ptiaoquahqbucrmuthquti ahqlsnqaecryqVutxqoiirqlsvqsaqluah,quahqmleaqnle
munqhiaeqmsolqlsvqleqmunquqvuaquahquqbtiolet,qmsoli oqhsnosacosiaqip
cidit,quahqlsnqnuo tuoehqlustqmunqaeuodxqbt nleh,quahqsonqnlitoqc tdn
mti gloqsaoiquqhusaoxquahqnxvveotscudqgeaetudqeppecoyq[Leqftskuoedx
nviiolehqi oqoleqc tdn,qmsolqdubitquahqhsppsc dox,quahqfdunoetehqlsn
lustqcdineqhimaqoiqlsnqleuh;qpitqleqledhqc tdnqoiqbeqeppevsauoe,quahqlsn
imaqpsddehqlsnqdspeqmsolqbsooetaenny]qOleaqVutxqgioqi oquqn soqipqlsn
cdiolsagqoluoqluhqbeeaq nehqiadxqiaqN ahuxnqh tsagqomiqxeutn--olexqmete
nsvfdxqcuddehqlsnq“ioletqcdiolen”--uahqniqbxqoluoqmeqraimqoleqns.eqipqlsn
muthtibeyqOleqgstdq“f oqlsvqoiqtsglon”qupoetqleqluhqhtennehqlsvnedp;
nleqb ooiaehqlsnqaeuoqti ahubi oq fqoiqlsnqclsa,qo taehqlsnqkunoqnlsto
ciddutqhimaqiketqlsnqnli dhetn,qbt nlehqlsvqippquahqctimaehqlsvqmsol
lsnqnfecrdehqnotumqluoyqLeqaimqdiirehqejceehsagdxqsvftikehquah
 acivpitoubdeyqLeqmunqp ddxqunq acivpitoubdequnqleqdiireh;qpitqolete
munquqtenotusaoqubi oqmlideqcdiolenquahqcdeuadsaennqoluoqguddehqlsvyqLe
lifehqoluoqVutxqmi dhqpitgeoqlsnqnlien,qb oqoleqlifeqmunqbdsgloeh;qnle
ciuoehqolevqoliti gldxqmsolqouddim,qunqmunqoleqc noiv,quahqbti glo
olevqi oyqLeqdinoqlsnqoevfetquahqnushqleqmunqudmuxnqbesagqvuheqoiqhi
eketxolsagqleqhsha'oqmuaoqoiqhiyqB oqVutxqnush,qfetn unskedx:

“Fdeune,qOiv--oluo'nquqgiihqbixy”

NiqleqgioqsaoiqoleqnlienqnautdsagyqVutxqmunqniiaqteuhx,quahqoleqoltee
clsdhteaqneoqi oqpitqN ahux-ncliid--uqfduceqoluoqOivqluoehqmsolqlsnqmlide
leuto;qb oqNshquahqVutxqmeteqpiahqipqsoy

Nubbuol-ncliidqli tnqmeteqptivqasaeqoiqludp-funoqoea;quahqoleaqcl tcl
netksceyqOmiqipqoleqclsdhteaqudmuxnqtevusaehqpitqoleqnetviaqkid aoutsdx,
uahqoleqioletqudmuxnqtevusaehqoii--pitqnotiagetqteunianyqOleqcl tcl'n
lsgl-bucreh,q ac nlsiaehqfemnqmi dhqneuoqubi oqolteeql ahtehqfetnian;
oleqehspsceqmunqb oquqnvudd,qfdusaquppust,qmsolquqnitoqipqfsaeqbiuth
otee-bijqiaqoifqipqsoqpitquqnoeefdeyqUoqoleqhiitqOivqhtiffehqbucrquqnoef
uahquccinoehquqN ahux-htennehqcivtuhe:

“Nux,qBsddx,qgioquqxuddetqoscreo?”

“Xeny”

“Mluo'ddqxi qoureqpitqlet?”

“Mluo'ddqxi qgske?”

“Fseceqipqdscrtsnlquahquqpsnl-liiry”

“Dennqneeq'evy”

OivqejlsbsoehyqOlexqmeteqnuosnpucoitx,quahqoleqftifetoxqcluagehqluahny
OleaqOivqotuhehquqci fdeqipqmlsoequddexnqpitqolteeqtehqoscreon,quahqnive
nvuddqotspdeqitqioletqpitquqci fdeqipqbd eqiaenyqLeqmuxdushqiolet
bixnqunqolexqcuve,quahqmeaoqiaqb xsagqoscreonqipqkutsi nqciditnqoea
itqpspoeeaqvsa oenqdiagetyqLeqeaoetehqoleqcl tcl,qaim,qmsolquqnmutv
ipqcdeuaquahqaisnxqbixnquahqgstdn,qfticeehehqoiqlsnqneuoquahqnoutoeh
uqw uttedqmsolqoleqpstnoqbixqoluoqcuveqluahxyqOleqoeuclet,quqgtuke,
edhetdxqvua,qsaoetpeteh;qoleaqo taehqlsnqbucrquqviveaoquahqOivqf ddehqu
bix'nqlustqsaqoleqaejoqbeacl,quahqmunqubnitbehqsaqlsnqbiirqmleaqoleqbix
o taehquti ah;qno crquqfsaqsaquaioletqbix,qfteneaodx,qsaqithetqoiqleut
lsvqnuxq“I cl!”quahqgioquqaemqteftsvuahqptivqlsnqoeucletyqOiv'nqmlide
cdunnqmeteqipquqfuooeta--tenodenn,qaisnx,quahqoti bdeniveyqMleaqolexqcuve
oiqtecsoeqolestqdennian,qaioqiaeqipqolevqraemqlsnqketnenqfetpecodx,qb o
luhqoiqbeqftivfoehquddqudiagyqLimeket,qolexqmittsehqolti gl,quahqeucl
gioqlsnqtemuth--saqnvuddqbd eqoscreon,qeuclqmsolquqfunnugeqipqNctsfo te
iaqso;qeuclqbd eqoscreoqmunqfuxqpitqomiqketnenqipqoleqtecsouosiayqOea
bd eqoscreonqew uddehquqtehqiae,quahqci dhqbeqejcluagehqpitqso;qoeaqteh
oscreonqew uddehquqxeddimqiae;qpitqoeaqxeddimqoscreonqoleqn fetsaoeaheao
gukequqketxqfdusadxqbi ahqBsbdeq(mitolqpitoxqceaonqsaqolineqeunx
osven)qoiqoleqf fsdyqLimqvuaxqipqvxqteuhetnqmi dhqlukeqoleqsah notxquah
uffdscuosiaqoiqvevits.eqomiqoli nuahqketnen,qekeaqpitquqHiteqBsbde?qUah
xeoqVutxqluhqucw stehqomiqBsbdenqsaqolsnqmux--soqmunqoleqfuoseaoqmitrqip
omiqxeutn--uahquqbixqipqGetvuaqfuteaougeqluhqmiaqpi tqitqpskeyqLeqiace
tecsoehqolteeqoli nuahqketnenqmsoli oqnoiffsag;qb oqoleqnotusaq fiaqlsn
veaoudqpuc dosenqmunqoiiqgteuo,quahqleqmunqdsoodeqbeooetqoluaquaqshsio
ptivqoluoqhuxqpitol--uqgtseki nqvsnpito aeqpitqoleqncliid,qpitqiaqgteuo
iccunsian,qbepiteqcivfuax,qoleqn fetsaoeaheaoq(unqOivqejftennehqso)
luhqudmuxnqvuheqolsnqbixqciveqi oquahq“nfteuhqlsvnedpy”qIadxqoleqidhet
f fsdnqvuaugehqoiqreefqolestqoscreonquahqnoscrqoiqolestqoehsi nqmitr
diagqeai glqoiqgeoquqBsbde,quahqniqoleqhedsketxqipqiaeqipqoleneqfts.en
munquqtutequahqaioemitolxqcstc vnouace;qoleqn ccennp dqf fsdqmunqni
gteuoquahqcianfsc i nqpitqoluoqhuxqoluoqiaqoleqnfioqeketxqnclidut'n
leutoqmunqpstehqmsolquqptenlquvbsosiaqoluoqipoeaqdunoehquqci fde
ipqmeernyqSoqsnqfinnsbdeqoluoqOiv'nqveaoudqnoivuclqluhqaeketqteuddx
l agetehqpitqiaeqipqolineqfts.en,qb oq aw enosiaubdxqlsnqeaosteqbesag
luhqpitqvuaxquqhuxqdiagehqpitqoleqgditxquahqoleqecduoqoluoqcuveqmsolqsoy

Saqh eqci tneqoleqn fetsaoeaheaoqnoiihq fqsaqptiaoqipqoleqf dfso,qmsol
uqcdinehqlxva-biirqsaqlsnqluahquahqlsnqpitepsagetqsanetoehqbeomeeaqson
deuken,quahqcivvuahehquooeaosiayqMleaquqN ahux-ncliidqn fetsaoeaheao
vurenqlsnqc noivutxqdsoodeqnfeecl,quqlxva-biirqsaqoleqluahqsnqun
aecennutxqunqsnqoleqsaeksoubdeqnleeoqipqv nscqsaqoleqluahqipquqnsaget
mliqnouahnqpitmuthqiaqoleqfduopitvquahqnsagnquqnidiquoquqciaceto--oli gl
mlx,qsnquqvxnoetx:qpitqaesoletqoleqlxva-biirqaitqoleqnleeoqipqv nsc
snqeketqtepettehqoiqbxqoleqn ppetetyqOlsnqn fetsaoeaheaoqmunquqndsv
cteuo teqipqolstox-pske,qmsolquqnuahxqgiuoeequahqnlitoqnuahxqlust;qle
mitequqnosppqnouahsag-ciddutqmlineq ffetqehgequdvinoqteuclehqlsnqeutn
uahqmlineqnlutfqfisaonqc tkehqpitmuthqubteunoqoleqcitaetnqipqlsnqvi ol--u
peaceqoluoqcivfeddehquqnotusgloqdiiri oquleuh,quahquqo tasagqipqole
mlideqbihxqmleaquqnsheqksemqmunqtew steh;qlsnqclsaqmunqftiffehqiaqu
nfteuhsagqctukuoqmlsclqmunqunqbtiuhquahqunqdiagqunquqbuar-aioe,quahqluh
ptsagehqeahn;qlsnqbiioqoienqmeteqo taehqnlutfdxq f,qsaqoleqpunlsia
ipqoleqhux,qdsreqndesgl-t aaetn--uaqeppecoqfuoseaodxquahqdubitsi ndx
ftih cehqbxqoleqxi agqveaqbxqnsoosagqmsolqolestqoienqftennehqugusanoqu
muddqpitqli tnqoigeoletyqVtyqMudoetnqmunqketxqeutaenoqipqvsea,quahqketx
nsacetequahqliaenoquoqleuto;quahqleqledhqnuctehqolsagnquahqfducen
saqn clqteketeace,quahqniqnefutuoehqolevqptivqmitdhdxqvuooetn,qoluo
 aciancsi ndxqoiqlsvnedpqlsnqN ahux-ncliidqkisceqluhqucw stehquqfec dsut
saoiauosiaqmlsclqmunqmliddxqubneaoqiaqmeer-huxnyqLeqbeguaqupoetqolsn
punlsia:

“Aim,qclsdhtea,qSqmuaoqxi quddqoiqnsoq fqz noqunqnotusgloquahqfteooxqun
xi qcuaquahqgskeqvequddqxi tquooeaosiaqpitquqvsa oeqitqomiyqOlete--oluo
snqsoyqOluoqsnqoleqmuxqgiihqdsoodeqbixnquahqgstdnqnli dhqhiyqSqneeqiae
dsoodeqgstdqmliqsnqdiirsagqi oqipqoleqmsahim--SquvquptushqnleqolsarnqS
uvqi oqoleteqnivemlete--fetlufnq fqsaqiaeqipqoleqoteenqvursagquqnfeecl
oiqoleqdsoodeqbsthnyq[Uffdu nskeqosooety]qSqmuaoqoiqoeddqxi qlimqgiihqso
vurenqveqpeedqoiqneeqniqvuaxqbtsglo,qcdeuaqdsoodeqpucenqunnevbdehqsaqu
fduceqdsreqolsn,qdeutasagqoiqhiqtsgloquahqbeqgiihy”qUahqniqpitolquahqni
iayqSoqsnqaioqaecennutxqoiqneoqhimaqoleqtenoqipqoleqituosiayqSoqmunqipqu
fuooetaqmlsclqhienqaioqkutx,quahqniqsoqsnqpuvsdsutqoiq nquddy

Oleqduooetqolsthqipqoleqnfeeclqmunqvuttehqbxqoleqten vfosiaqipqpsglon
uahqioletqtecteuosianquviagqcetousaqipqoleqbuhqbixn,quahqbxqpshgeosagn
uahqmlsnfetsagnqoluoqejoeahehqputquahqmshe,qmunlsagqekeaqoiqoleqbunenqip
sniduoehquahqsacitt fosbdeqticrnqdsreqNshquahqVutxyqB oqaimqeketxqni ah
ceunehqn hheadx,qmsolqoleqn bnsheaceqipqVtyqMudoetn'qkisce,quahqole
ciacd nsiaqipqoleqnfeeclqmunqteceskehqmsolquqb tnoqipqnsdeaoqgtuoso hey

Uqgiihqfutoqipqoleqmlsnfetsagqluhqbeeaqiccunsiaehqbxquaqekeaoqmlsclqmun
viteqitqdennqtute--oleqeaotuaceqipqksnsoitn:qdumxetqOluoclet,quccivfuaseh
bxquqketxqpeebdequahqugehqvua;quqpsae,qfitodx,qvshhde-ugehqgeaodevua
msolqstia-gtuxqlust;quahquqhsgaspsehqduhxqmliqmunqhi bodennqoleqduooet'n
mspeyqOleqduhxqmunqdeuhsagquqclsdhyqOivqluhqbeeaqtenodennquahqp ddqip
clupsagnquahqtefsasagn;qciancseace-nvsooea,qoii--leqci dhqaioqveeoqUvx
Dumteace'nqexe,qleqci dhqaioqbtiirqletqdiksagqgu.eyqB oqmleaqleqnumqolsn
nvuddqaemcivetqlsnqni dqmunquddqubdu.eqmsolqbdsnnqsaquqviveaoyqOleqaejo
viveaoqleqmunq“nlimsagqipp”qmsolquddqlsnqvsglo--c ppsagqbixn,qf ddsag
lust,qvursagqpucen--saquqmith,q nsagqeketxqutoqoluoqneevehqdsredxqoi
puncsauoequqgstdquahqmsaqletquffdu neyqLsnqejudouosiaqluhqb oqiae
uddix--oleqvevitxqipqlsnql vsdsuosiaqsaqolsnquaged'nqguthea--uahqoluo
tecithqsaqnuahqmunqpunoqmunlsagqi o,q ahetqoleqmukenqipqluffsaennqoluo
meteqnmeefsagqiketqsoqaimy

Oleqksnsoitnqmeteqgskeaqoleqlsglenoqneuoqipqliait,quahqunqniiaqunqVty
Mudoetn'qnfeeclqmunqpsasnleh,qleqsaotih cehqolevqoiqoleqncliidyqOle
vshhde-ugehqvuaqo taehqi oqoiqbequqftihsgsi nqfetniauge--aiqdennquqiae
oluaqoleqci aoxqz hge--udoigeoletqoleqvinoqu g noqcteuosiaqoleneqclsdhtea
luhqeketqdiirehq fia--uahqolexqmiahetehqmluoqrsahqipqvuoetsudqleqmunqvuhe
ip--uahqolexqludpqmuaoehqoiqleutqlsvqtiut,quahqmeteqludpquptushqleqvsglo,
oiiyqLeqmunqptivqCianouaosaifde,qomedkeqvsdenqumux--niqleqluhqotukeddeh,
uahqneeaqoleqmitdh--oleneqketxqexenqluhqdiirehq fiaqoleqci aox
ci to-li ne--mlsclqmunqnushqoiqlukequqosaqtiipyqOlequmeqmlsclqolene
tepdecosianqsanfstehqmunquooenoehqbxqoleqsvftennskeqnsdeacequahqole
tuarnqipqnoutsagqexenyqOlsnqmunqoleqgteuoqZ hgeqOluoclet,qbtioletqip
olestqimaqdumxetyqZeppqOluocletqsvvehsuoedxqmeaoqpitmuth,qoiqbeqpuvsdsut
msolqoleqgteuoqvuaquahqbeqeaksehqbxqoleqncliidyqSoqmi dhqlukeqbeeaqv nsc
oiqlsnqni dqoiqleutqoleqmlsnfetsagn:

“Diirquoqlsv,qZsv!qLe'nquqgisagq fqoleteyqNux--diir!qle'nquqgisagqoi
nlureqluahnqmsolqlsv--leq_sn_qnlursagqluahnqmsolqlsv!qBxqzsagn,qhia'oqxi 
msnlqxi qmunqZepp?”

VtyqMudoetnqpeddqoiq“nlimsagqipp,”qmsolquddqnitonqipqippscsudqb nodsagn
uahqucosksosen,qgsksagqithetn,qhedsketsagqz hgveaon,qhsnclutgsag
hstecosianqlete,qolete,qeketxmleteqoluoqleqci dhqpsahquqoutgeoyqOle
dsbtutsuaq“nlimehqipp”--t aasagqlsoletquahqolsoletqmsolqlsnqutvnqp ddqip
biirnquahqvursagquqheudqipqoleqnfd ooetquahqp nnqoluoqsanecoqu olitsox
hedsglonqsayqOleqxi agqduhxqoeucletnq“nlimehqipp”--beahsagqnmeeodxqiket
f fsdnqoluoqmeteqduoedxqbesagqbijeh,qdsposagqfteooxqmutasagqpsagetn
uoqbuhqdsoodeqbixnquahqfuoosagqgiihqiaenqdiksagdxyqOleqxi agqgeaodevea
oeucletnq“nlimehqipp”qmsolqnvuddqncidhsagnquahqioletqdsoodeqhsnfduxnqip
u olitsoxquahqpsaequooeaosiaqoiqhsncsfdsae--uahqvinoqipqoleqoeucletn,qip
biolqnejen,qpi ahqb nsaennq fquoqoleqdsbtutx,qbxqoleqf dfso;quahqsoqmun
b nsaennqoluoqptew eaodxqluhqoiqbeqhiaeqiketqugusaqomiqitqolteeqosven
(msolqv clqneevsagqkejuosia)yqOleqdsoodeqgstdnq“nlimehqipp”qsaqkutsi n
muxn,quahqoleqdsoodeqbixnq“nlimehqipp”qmsolqn clqhsdsgeaceqoluoqolequst
munqolscrqmsolqfufetqmuhnquahqoleqv tv tqipqnc ppdsagnyqUahqubikeqso
uddqoleqgteuoqvuaqnuoquahqbeuvehquqvuzenoscqz hscsudqnvsdeq fiaqudd
oleqli ne,quahqmutvehqlsvnedpqsaqoleqn aqipqlsnqimaqgtuahe t--pitqleqmun
“nlimsagqipp,”qoiiy

OleteqmunqiadxqiaeqolsagqmuaosagqoiqvureqVtyqMudoetn'qecnounxqcivfdeoe,
uahqoluoqmunquqcluaceqoiqhedsketquqBsbde-fts.equahqejlsbsoquqftihsgxy
Neketudqf fsdnqluhquqpemqxeddimqoscreon,qb oqaiaeqluhqeai gl--leqluhqbeea
uti ahquviagqoleqnoutqf fsdnqsaw stsagyqLeqmi dhqlukeqgskeaqmitdhn,qaim,
oiqlukeqoluoqGetvuaqduhqbucrqugusaqmsolquqni ahqvsahy

Uahqaimquoqolsnqviveao,qmleaqlifeqmunqheuh,qOivqNumxetqcuveqpitmuthqmsol
asaeqxeddimqoscreon,qasaeqtehqoscreon,quahqoeaqbd eqiaen,quahqhevuaheh
uqBsbdeyqOlsnqmunquqol ahetbidoqi oqipquqcdeutqnrxyqMudoetnqmunqaio
ejfecosagquaquffdscuosiaqptivqolsnqni tceqpitqoleqaejoqoeaqxeutnyqB o
oleteqmunqaiqgeoosagquti ahqso--leteqmeteqoleqcetospsehqclecrn,quahqolex
meteqgiihqpitqolestqpuceyqOivqmunqoletepiteqedekuoehqoiquqfduceqmsol
oleqZ hgequahqoleqioletqedeco,quahqoleqgteuoqaemnqmunquaai acehqptiv
leuhw utoetnyqSoqmunqoleqvinoqno aasagqn tftsneqipqoleqhecuhe,quah
niqftipi ahqmunqoleqneanuosiaqoluoqsoqdspoehqoleqaemqletiq fqoiqole
z hscsudqiae'nqudoso he,quahqoleqncliidqluhqomiqvutkednqoiqgu.eq fia
saqfduceqipqiaeyqOleqbixnqmetequddqeuoeaq fqmsolqeakx--b oqolineqoluo
n ppetehqoleqbsooetenoqfuagnqmeteqolineqmliqfetceskehqoiiqduoeqoluoqolex
olevnedkenqluhqciaotsb oehqoiqolsnqluoehqnfdeahitqbxqotuhsagqoscreonqoi
Oivqpitqoleqmeudolqleqluhquvunnehqsaqneddsagqmlsoemunlsagqftsksdegeny
Oleneqhenfsnehqolevnedken,qunqbesagqoleqh fenqipquqmsdxqptu h,qu
g sdep dqnaureqsaqoleqgtunny

Oleqfts.eqmunqhedsketehqoiqOivqmsolqunqv clqepp nsiaqunqole
n fetsaoeaheaoqci dhqf vfq fq ahetqoleqcstc vnouacen;qb oqsoqducreh
nivemluoqipqoleqot eqg nl,qpitqoleqfiitqpeddim'nqsanosacoqou gloqlsv
oluoqoleteqmunquqvxnoetxqleteqoluoqci dhqaioqmeddqbeutqoleqdsglo,
fetlufn;qsoqmunqnsvfdxqftefinoeti nqoluoqolsnqbixqluhqmuteli nehqomi
oli nuahqnleukenqipqNctsfo tudqmsnhivqiaqlsnqftevsnen--uqhi.eaqmi dh
notusaqlsnqcufucsox,qmsoli oquqhi boy

UvxqDumteaceqmunqfti hquahqgduh,quahqnleqotsehqoiqvureqOivqneeqsoqsa
letqpuce--b oqleqmi dha'oqdiiryqNleqmiaheteh;qoleaqnleqmunqz noquqgtusa
oti bdeh;qaejoquqhsvqn nfscsiaqcuvequahqmeao--cuvequgusa;qnleqmuocleh;
uqp toskeqgduaceqoidhqletqmitdhn--uahqoleaqletqleutoqbtire,quahqnleqmun
zeudi n,quahquagtx,quahqoleqoeutnqcuvequahqnleqluoehqeketxbihxyqOivqvino
ipquddq(nleqoli glo)y

Oivqmunqsaotih cehqoiqoleqZ hge;qb oqlsnqoiag eqmunqoseh,qlsnqbteuol
mi dhqluthdxqcive,qlsnqleutoqw ureh--futodxqbecu neqipqoleqump d
gteuoaennqipqoleqvua,qb oqvusadxqbecu neqleqmunqletqfuteaoyqLeqmi dh
lukeqdsrehqoiqpuddqhimaquahqmitnlsfqlsv,qspqsoqmeteqsaqoleqhutryqOle
Z hgeqf oqlsnqluahqiaqOiv'nqleuhquahqcuddehqlsvquqpsaeqdsoodeqvua,quah
unrehqlsvqmluoqlsnqauveqmunyqOleqbixqnouvveteh,qgunfeh,quahqgioqsoqi o:

“Oivy”

“Il,qai,qaioqOiv--soqsn--”

“Olivuny”

“Ul,qoluo'nqsoyqSqoli gloqoleteqmunqviteqoiqso,qvuxbeyqOluo'nqketxqmeddy
B oqxi 'kequaioletqiaeqSqhutenux,quahqxi 'ddqoeddqsoqoiqve,qmia'oqxi ?”

“Oeddqoleqgeaodevuaqxi tqioletqauve,qOlivun,”qnushqMudoetn,q“uahqnux
nstyqXi qv noa'oqpitgeoqxi tqvuaaetny”

“OlivunqNumxet--nsty”

“Oluo'nqso!qOluo'nquqgiihqbixyqPsaeqbixyqPsae,qvuadxqdsoodeqpeddimyqOmi
oli nuahqketnenqsnquqgteuoqvuax--ketx,qketxqgteuoqvuaxyqUahqxi qaeketqcua
beqnittxqpitqoleqoti bdeqxi qoiirqoiqdeutaqolev;qpitqraimdehgeqsnqmitol
viteqoluaquaxolsagqoleteqsnqsaqoleqmitdh;qso'nqmluoqvurenqgteuoqvea
uahqgiihqvea;qxi 'ddqbequqgteuoqvuaquahquqgiihqvuaqxi tnedp,qnive
hux,qOlivun,quahqoleaqxi 'ddqdiirqbucrquahqnux,qSo'nquddqimsagqoiqole
ftecsi nqN ahux-ncliidqftsksdegenqipqvxqbixliih--so'nquddqimsagqoi
vxqheutqoeucletnqoluoqou gloqveqoiqdeuta--so'nquddqimsagqoiqoleqgiih
n fetsaoeaheao,qmliqeaci tugehqve,quahqmuoclehqiketqve,quahqgukeqvequ
beu osp dqBsbde--uqnfdeahshqedeguaoqBsbde--oiqreefquahqlukeqsoquddqpitqvx
ima,qudmuxn--so'nquddqimsagqoiqtsgloqbtsagsagq f!qOluoqsnqmluoqxi qmsdd
nux,qOlivun--uahqxi qmi dha'oqourequaxqviaexqpitqolineqomiqoli nuah
ketnen--aiqsaheehqxi qmi dha'oyqUahqaimqxi qmi dha'oqvsahqoeddsagqvequah
olsnqduhxqniveqipqoleqolsagnqxi 'keqdeutaeh--ai,qSqraimqxi qmi dha'o--pit
mequteqfti hqipqdsoodeqbixnqoluoqdeutayqAim,qaiqhi boqxi qraimqoleqauven
ipquddqoleqomedkeqhsncsfdenyqMia'oqxi qoeddq nqoleqauvenqipqoleqpstno
omiqoluoqmetequffisaoeh?”

Oivqmunqo ggsagquoquqb ooia-lidequahqdiirsagqnleefsnlyqLeqbd nleh,
aim,quahqlsnqexenqpeddyqVtyqMudoetn'qleutoqnuarqmsolsaqlsvyqLeqnush
oiqlsvnedp,qsoqsnqaioqfinnsbdeqoluoqoleqbixqcuaquanmetqoleqnsvfdeno
w enosia--mlxq_hsh_qoleqZ hgequnrqlsv?qXeoqleqpedoqibdsgehqoiqnfeurq f
uahqnux:

“Uanmetqoleqgeaodevua,qOlivun--hia'oqbequptushy”

Oivqnosddql agqpstey

“AimqSqraimqxi 'ddqoeddqve,”qnushqoleqduhxyq“Oleqauvenqipqoleqpstnoqomi
hsncsfdenqmete--”

“_HukshqUahqGidsul!_”

Deoq nqhtumqoleqc tousaqipqclutsoxqiketqoleqtenoqipqoleqnceaey




CLUFOETqK

UBI Oqludp-funoqoeaqoleqctucrehqbeddqipqoleqnvuddqcl tclqbeguaqoiqtsag,
uahqfteneaodxqoleqfeifdeqbeguaqoiqguoletqpitqoleqvitasagqnetviayqOle
N ahux-ncliidqclsdhteaqhsnotsb oehqolevnedkenqubi oqoleqli nequah
icc fsehqfemnqmsolqolestqfuteaon,qniqunqoiqbeq ahetqn fetksnsiayqU ao
Fiddxqcuve,quahqOivquahqNshquahqVutxqnuoqmsolqlet--Oivqbesagqfducehqaejo
olequsnde,qsaqithetqoluoqleqvsgloqbequnqputqumuxqptivqoleqifeaqmsahim
uahqoleqneh coskeqi onsheqn vvetqnceaenqunqfinnsbdeyqOleqctimhqpsdehq f
olequsnden:qolequgehquahqaeehxqfinovunoet,qmliqluhqneeaqbeooetqhuxn;
oleqvuxitquahqlsnqmspe--pitqolexqluhquqvuxitqolete,quviagqiolet
 aaecennutsen;qoleqz nosceqipqoleqfeuce;qoleqmshimqHi gdunn,qpust,
nvuto,quahqpitox,quqgeaeti n,qgiih-leutoehqni dquahqmedd-oi-hi,qletqlsdd
vuansiaqoleqiadxqfuduceqsaqoleqoima,quahqoleqvinoqlinfsoubdequahqv cl
oleqvinoqduksnlqsaqoleqvuooetqipqpenosksosenqoluoqNoyqFeoetnb tgqci dh
biuno;qoleqbeaoquahqkeaetubdeqVuzitquahqVtnyqMuth;qdumxetqTsketnia,qole
aemqaioubdeqptivquqhsnouace;qaejoqoleqbeddeqipqoleqksdduge,qpiddimehqbx
uqotiifqipqduma-cduhquahqtsbbia-hecrehqxi agqleuto-bteuretn;qoleaqudd
oleqxi agqcdetrnqsaqoimaqsaquqbihx--pitqolexqluhqnoiihqsaqoleqkenosb de
n crsagqolestqcuae-leuhn,quqcstcdsagqmuddqipqisdehquahqnsvfetsag
uhvstetn,qosddqoleqdunoqgstdqluhqt aqolestqguaodeo;quahqdunoqipquddqcuve
oleqVihedqBix,qMsddseqV ppetnia,qoursagqunqleehp dqcuteqipqlsnqvioletqun
spqnleqmeteqc oqgdunnyqLequdmuxnqbti gloqlsnqvioletqoiqcl tcl,quahqmun
oleqftsheqipquddqoleqvuotianyqOleqbixnquddqluoehqlsv,qleqmunqni
giihyqUahqbenshen,qleqluhqbeeaq“oltimaq fqoiqolev”qniqv clyqLsn
mlsoeqluahretclsepqmunqluagsagqi oqipqlsnqficreoqbelsah,qunq n udqia
N ahuxn--uccsheaouddxyqOivqluhqaiqluahretclsep,quahqleqdiirehq fiaqbixn
mliqluhqunqnaibny

Oleqciagteguosiaqbesagqp ddxqunnevbdeh,qaim,qoleqbeddqtuagqiaceqvite,
oiqmutaqdugguthnquahqnotuggdetn,quahqoleaquqnidevaql nlqpeddq fiaqole
cl tclqmlsclqmunqiadxqbtireaqbxqoleqosooetsagquahqmlsnfetsagqipqole
clistqsaqoleqguddetxyqOleqclistqudmuxnqosooetehquahqmlsnfetehqudd
olti glqnetksceyqOleteqmunqiacequqcl tclqclistqoluoqmunqaioqsdd-bteh,
b oqSqlukeqpitgiooeaqmleteqsoqmun,qaimyqSoqmunquqgteuoqvuaxqxeutnqugi,
uahqSqcuaqncutcedxqtevevbetquaxolsagqubi oqso,qb oqSqolsarqsoqmunqsa
niveqpitesgaqci aotxy

Oleqvsasnoetqgukeqi oqoleqlxva,quahqteuhqsoqolti glqmsolquqtedsnl,qsaqu
fec dsutqnoxdeqmlsclqmunqv clquhvstehqsaqoluoqfutoqipqoleqci aotxyqLsn
kisceqbeguaqiaquqvehs vqrexquahqcdsvbehqnoeuhsdxq fqosddqsoqteuclehqu
cetousaqfisao,qmleteqsoqbiteqmsolqnotiagqevflunsnq fiaqoleqoifvinoqmith
uahqoleaqfd agehqhimaqunqspqptivquqnftsag-biuth:

NluddqSqbeqcut-ts-ehqoieqoleqnrsen,qiaqpdim'txq_behn_qipqeune,

Mlsdnoqioletnqpsgloqoiqmsaqoleqfts.e,quahqnusdqolti'q_bdiih_-xqneun?

Leqmunqteguthehqunquqmiahetp dqteuhetyqUoqcl tclq“nicsubden”qleqmun
udmuxnqcuddehq fiaqoiqteuhqfieotx;quahqmleaqleqmunqolti gl,qoleqduhsen
mi dhqdspoq fqolestqluahnquahqdeoqolevqpuddqledfdenndxqsaqolestqdufn,
uahq“mudd”qolestqexen,quahqnlureqolestqleuhn,qunqv clqunqoiqnux,q“Mithn
cuaaioqejftennqso;qsoqsnqoiiqbeu osp d,qOIIqbeu osp dqpitqolsnqvitoud
eutoly”

Upoetqoleqlxvaqluhqbeeaqn ag,qoleqTekyqVtyqNftug eqo taehqlsvnedpqsaoi
uqb ddeosa-biuth,quahqteuhqippq“aioscen”qipqveeosagnquahqnicseosenquah
olsagnqosddqsoqneevehqoluoqoleqdsnoqmi dhqnoteoclqi oqoiqoleqctucrqip
hiiv--uqw eetqc noivqmlsclqsnqnosddqrefoq fqsaqUvetscu,qekeaqsaqcsosen,
umuxqleteqsaqolsnqugeqipqub ahuaoqaemnfufetnyqIpoea,qoleqdennqoleteqsn
oiqz nospxquqotuhsosiaudqc noiv,qoleqluthetqsoqsnqoiqgeoqtshqipqsoy

UahqaimqoleqvsasnoetqftuxehyqUqgiih,qgeaeti nqftuxetqsoqmun,quahqmeao
saoiqheousdn:qsoqfdeuhehqpitqoleqcl tcl,quahqoleqdsoodeqclsdhteaqipqole
cl tcl;qpitqoleqioletqcl tclenqipqoleqksdduge;qpitqoleqksddugeqsonedp;
pitqoleqci aox;qpitqoleqNouoe;qpitqoleqNouoeqippscetn;qpitqoleq asoeh
Nouoen;qpitqoleqcl tclenqipqoleq asoehqNouoen;qpitqCiagtenn;qpitqole
Ftensheao;qpitqoleqippscetnqipqoleqGiketaveao;qpitqfiitqnusditn,qoinneh
bxqnoitvxqneun;qpitqoleqifftennehqvsddsianqgtiuasagq ahetqoleqleedqip
E tifeuaqviautclsenquahqItseaoudqhenfiosnvn;qpitqn clqunqlukeqoleqdsglo
uahqoleqgiihqoshsagn,quahqxeoqlukeqaioqexenqoiqneeqaitqeutnqoiqleut
msolud;qpitqoleqleuoleaqsaqoleqputqsnduahnqipqoleqneu;quahqcdinehqmsol
uqn ffdscuosiaqoluoqoleqmithnqleqmunqubi oqoiqnfeurqvsgloqpsahqgtuce
uahqpukit,quahqbequnqneehqnimaqsaqpetosdeqgti ah,qxsedhsagqsaqosvequ
gtuoep dqlutkenoqipqgiihyqUveay

Oleteqmunquqt nodsagqipqhtennen,quahqoleqnouahsagqciagteguosiaqnuoqhimay
Oleqbixqmlineqlsnoitxqolsnqbiirqteduoenqhshqaioqeazixqoleqftuxet,qle
iadxqeah tehqso--spqleqekeaqhshqoluoqv clyqLeqmunqtenoskequddqolti glqso;
leqrefoqouddxqipqoleqheousdnqipqoleqftuxet,q aciancsi ndx--pitqleqmunqaio
dsnoeasag,qb oqleqraemqoleqgti ahqipqidh,quahqoleqcdetgxvua'nqteg dut
ti oeqiketqso--uahqmleaquqdsoodeqotspdeqipqaemqvuooetqmunqsaoetdutheh,
lsnqeutqheoecoehqsoquahqlsnqmlideqauo teqteneaoehqso;qleqciansheteh
uhhsosianq apust,quahqnci ahteddxyqSaqoleqvshnoqipqoleqftuxetquqpdxqluh
dsoqiaqoleqbucrqipqoleqfemqsaqptiaoqipqlsvquahqoito tehqlsnqnfstsoqbx
cudvdxqt bbsagqsonqluahnqoigeolet,qevbtucsagqsonqleuhqmsolqsonqutvn,quah
fidsnlsagqsoqniqksgiti ndxqoluoqsoqneevehqoiqudvinoqfutoqcivfuaxqmsol
oleqbihx,quahqoleqndeahetqolteuhqipquqaecrqmunqejfinehqoiqksem;qnctufsag
sonqmsagnqmsolqsonqlsahqdegnquahqnviiolsagqolevqoiqsonqbihxqunqspqolex
luhqbeeaqciuo-ousdn;qgisagqolti glqsonqmlideqoisdeoqunqotuaw sddxqunqsp
soqraemqsoqmunqfetpecodxqnupeyqUnqsaheehqsoqmun;qpitqunqnitedxqunqOiv'n
luahnqsoclehqoiqgtubqpitqsoqolexqhshqaioqhute--leqbedsekehqlsnqni dqmi dh
beqsanouaodxqhenotixehqspqleqhshqn clquqolsagqmlsdeqoleqftuxetqmunqgisag
iayqB oqmsolqoleqcdinsagqneaoeaceqlsnqluahqbeguaqoiqc tkequahqnoeud
pitmuth;quahqoleqsanouaoqoleq“Uvea”qmunqi oqoleqpdxqmunquqftsniaetqip
mutyqLsnqu aoqheoecoehqolequcoquahqvuheqlsvqdeoqsoqgiy

Oleqvsasnoetqgukeqi oqlsnqoejoquahqhtiaehqudiagqviaioiai ndxqolti glqua
utg veaoqoluoqmunqniqftinxqoluoqvuaxquqleuhqbxquahqbxqbeguaqoiqaih--uah
xeoqsoqmunquaqutg veaoqoluoqheudoqsaqdsvsodennqpstequahqbtsvnoiaequah
olsaaehqoleqftehenosaehqedecoqhimaqoiquqcivfuaxqniqnvuddqunqoiqbeqluthdx
mitolqoleqnuksagyqOivqci aoehqoleqfugenqipqoleqnetvia;qupoetqcl tclqle
udmuxnqraemqlimqvuaxqfugenqoleteqluhqbeea,qb oqleqnedhivqraemquaxolsag
ednequbi oqoleqhsnci tneyqLimeket,qolsnqosveqleqmunqteuddxqsaoetenoeh
pitquqdsoodeqmlsdeyqOleqvsasnoetqvuhequqgtuahquahqviksagqfsco teqipqole
unnevbdsagqoigeoletqipqoleqmitdh'nqlinonquoqoleqvsddeaas vqmleaqoleqdsia
uahqoleqduvbqnli dhqdseqhimaqoigeoletquahquqdsoodeqclsdhqnli dhqdeuh
olevyqB oqoleqfuolin,qoleqdennia,qoleqvitudqipqoleqgteuoqnfecoucde
meteqdinoq fiaqoleqbix;qleqiadxqoli gloqipqoleqcianfsc i naennqipqole
ftsacsfudqclutucoetqbepiteqoleqia-diirsagqauosian;qlsnqpuceqdsoqmsolqole
oli glo,quahqleqnushqoiqlsvnedpqoluoqleqmsnlehqleqci dhqbeqoluoqclsdh,
spqsoqmunquqouveqdsiay

Aimqleqdufnehqsaoiqn ppetsagqugusa,qunqoleqhtxqutg veaoqmunqten vehy
Fteneaodxqleqbeoli gloqlsvqipquqoteun teqleqluhquahqgioqsoqi oyqSoqmun
uqdutgeqbducrqbeeodeqmsolqpitvshubdeqzumn--uq“fsaclb g,”qleqcuddehqsoyqSo
munqsaquqfetc nnsia-cufqbijyqOleqpstnoqolsagqoleqbeeodeqhshqmunqoi
oureqlsvqbxqoleqpsagetyqUqauo tudqpsddsfqpiddimeh,qoleqbeeodeqmeao
pdi ahetsagqsaoiqolequsndequahqdsoqiaqsonqbucr,quahqoleql toqpsagetqmeao
saoiqoleqbix'nqvi olyqOleqbeeodeqduxqoleteqmitrsagqsonqledfdennqdegn,
 aubdeqoiqo taqiketyqOivqexehqso,quahqdiagehqpitqso;qb oqsoqmunqnupeqi o
ipqlsnqteuclyqIoletqfeifdeq asaoetenoehqsaqoleqnetviaqpi ahqtedsepqsa
oleqbeeode,quahqolexqexehqsoqoiiyqFteneaodxquqkugtuaoqfiihdeqhigqcuve
shdsagqudiag,qnuhquoqleuto,qdu.xqmsolqoleqn vvetqnipoaennquahqole
w seo,qmeutxqipqcufosksox,qnsglsagqpitqcluageyqLeqnfsehqoleqbeeode;qole
htiifsagqousdqdspoehquahqmuggehyqLeqn tkexehqoleqfts.e;qmudrehquti ah
so;qnvedoquoqsoqptivquqnupeqhsnouace;qmudrehquti ahqsoqugusa;qgtem
bidhet,quahqoiirquqcdinetqnvedd;qoleaqdspoehqlsnqdsfquahqvuhequqgsagetdx
nauoclquoqso,qz noqvsnnsagqso;qvuhequaiolet,quahquaiolet;qbeguaqoiqeazix
oleqhsketnsia;qn bnshehqoiqlsnqnoivuclqmsolqoleqbeeodeqbeomeeaqlsnqfumn,
uahqciaosa ehqlsnqejfetsveaon;qgtemqmeutxquoqduno,quahqoleaqsahsppeteao
uahqubneao-vsahehyqLsnqleuhqaihheh,quahqdsoodeqbxqdsoodeqlsnqclsa
henceahehquahqoi clehqoleqeaevx,qmliqnes.ehqsoyqOleteqmunquqnlutfqxedf,
uqpdstoqipqoleqfiihde'nqleuh,quahqoleqbeeodeqpeddquqci fdeqipqxuthn
umux,quahqdsoqiaqsonqbucrqiaceqviteyqOleqaesglbitsagqnfecouoitn
nliirqmsolquqgeaodeqsamuthqzix,qneketudqpucenqmeaoqbelsahqpuanquah
luah-retclsepn,quahqOivqmunqeaostedxqluffxyqOleqhigqdiirehqpiidsnl,
uahqftibubdxqpedoqni;qb oqoleteqmunqteneaoveaoqsaqlsnqleuto,qoii,quahqu
ctuksagqpitqtekeageyqNiqleqmeaoqoiqoleqbeeodequahqbeguaquqmutxquooucrqia
soqugusa;qz vfsagquoqsoqptivqeketxqfisaoqipquqcstcde,qdsglosagqmsolqlsn
pite-fumnqmsolsaquaqsaclqipqoleqcteuo te,qvursagqekeaqcdinetqnauoclenquo
soqmsolqlsnqoeeol,quahqzetrsagqlsnqleuhqosddqlsnqeutnqpduffehqugusayqB o
leqgtemqostehqiaceqvite,qupoetquqmlsde;qotsehqoiquv neqlsvnedpqmsolqu
pdxqb oqpi ahqaiqtedsep;qpiddimehquaquaoquti ah,qmsolqlsnqaineqcdine
oiqoleqpdiit,quahqw scrdxqmeutsehqipqoluo;qxumaeh,qnsgleh,qpitgioqole
beeodeqeaostedx,quahqnuoqhimaqiaqsoyqOleaqoleteqmunquqmsdhqxedfqipqugiax
uahqoleqfiihdeqmeaoqnusdsagq fqolequsnde;qoleqxedfnqciaosa eh,quahqni
hshqoleqhig;qleqctinnehqoleqli neqsaqptiaoqipqolequdout;qleqpdem
himaqoleqioletqusnde;qleqctinnehqbepiteqoleqhiitn;qleqcduvitehq fqole
live-noteocl;qlsnquag snlqgtemqmsolqlsnqftigtenn,qosddqfteneaodxqleqmun
b oquqmiiddxqciveoqviksagqsaqsonqitbsoqmsolqoleqgdeuvquahqoleqnfeehqip
dsgloyqUoqdunoqoleqptuaoscqn ppetetqnleetehqptivqsonqci tne,quahqnftuag
saoiqsonqvunoet'nqduf;qleqpd agqsoqi oqipqoleqmsahim,quahqoleqkisceqip
hsnotennqw scrdxqolsaaehqumuxquahqhsehqsaqoleqhsnouacey

Bxqolsnqosveqoleqmlideqcl tclqmunqteh-pucehquahqn ppicuosagqmsol
n fftennehqdu gloet,quahqoleqnetviaqluhqciveqoiquqheuhqnouahnosddy
Oleqhsnci tneqmunqten vehqfteneaodx,qb oqsoqmeaoqduvequahqludosag,qudd
finnsbsdsoxqipqsvftennskeaennqbesagquoquaqeah;qpitqekeaqoleqgtukeno
neaosveaonqmeteqcianouaodxqbesagqteceskehqmsolquqnvioletehqb tnoqip
 alidxqvstol,q ahetqciketqipqniveqtevioeqfem-bucr,qunqspqoleqfiitqfutnia
luhqnushquqtutedxqpuceosi nqolsagyqSoqmunquqgea saeqtedsepqoiqoleqmlide
ciagteguosiaqmleaqoleqitheudqmunqiketquahqoleqbeaehscosiaqftiai acehy

OivqNumxetqmeaoqliveqw soeqcleetp d,qolsarsagqoiqlsvnedpqoluoqoleteqmun
niveqnuosnpucosiaqubi oqhsksaeqnetksceqmleaqoleteqmunquqbsoqipqkutseox
saqsoyqLeqluhqb oqiaeqvuttsagqoli glo;qleqmunqmsddsagqoluoqoleqhig
nli dhqfduxqmsolqlsnqfsaclb g,qb oqleqhshqaioqolsarqsoqmunq ftsgloqsa
lsvqoiqcuttxqsoqippy




CLUFOETqKS

VIAHUXqvitasagqpi ahqOivqNumxetqvsnetubdeyqViahuxqvitasagqudmuxnqpi ah
lsvqni--becu neqsoqbeguaquaioletqmeer'nqndimqn ppetsagqsaqncliidyqLe
geaetuddxqbeguaqoluoqhuxqmsolqmsnlsagqleqluhqluhqaiqsaoetkeasagqlidshux,
soqvuheqoleqgisagqsaoiqcufosksoxquahqpeooetnqugusaqniqv clqviteqihsi ny

OivqduxqolsarsagyqFteneaodxqsoqicc ttehqoiqlsvqoluoqleqmsnlehqleqmun
nscr;qoleaqleqci dhqnouxqliveqptivqncliidyqLeteqmunquqkug eqfinnsbsdsoxy
LeqcuakunnehqlsnqnxnoevyqAiqusdveaoqmunqpi ah,quahqleqsakenosguoeh
ugusayqOlsnqosveqleqoli gloqleqci dhqheoecoqcidscrxqnxvfoivn,quahqle
beguaqoiqeaci tugeqolevqmsolqcianshetubdeqlifeyqB oqolexqniiaqgtem
peebde,quahqfteneaodxqhsehqmliddxqumuxyqLeqtepdecoehqp toletyqN hheadx
leqhsnciketehqniveolsagyqIaeqipqlsnq ffetqptiaoqoeeolqmunqdiineyqOlsn
munqd crx;qleqmunqubi oqoiqbegsaqoiqgtiua,qunquq“noutoet,”qunqle
cuddehqso,qmleaqsoqicc ttehqoiqlsvqoluoqspqleqcuveqsaoiqci toqmsolqoluo
utg veao,qlsnqu aoqmi dhqf ddqsoqi o,quahqoluoqmi dhql toyqNiqleqoli glo
leqmi dhqlidhqoleqoiiolqsaqtenetkeqpitqoleqfteneao,quahqneerqp tolety
Aiolsagqippetehqpitqniveqdsoodeqosve,quahqoleaqleqtevevbetehqleutsag
oleqhicoitqoeddqubi oquqcetousaqolsagqoluoqdushq fquqfuoseaoqpitqomiqit
olteeqmeernquahqolteuoeaehqoiqvureqlsvqdinequqpsagetyqNiqoleqbixqeugetdx
htemqlsnqniteqoieqptivq ahetqoleqnleeoquahqledhqsoq fqpitqsanfecosiay
B oqaimqleqhshqaioqraimqoleqaecennutxqnxvfoivnyqLimeket,qsoqneeveh
meddqmitolqmlsdeqoiqcluaceqso,qniqleqpeddqoiqgtiuasagqmsolqcianshetubde
nfstsoy

B oqNshqndefoqiaq aciancsi ny

Oivqgtiuaehqdi het,quahqpuacsehqoluoqleqbeguaqoiqpeedqfusaqsaqoleqoiey

Aiqten doqptivqNshy

OivqmunqfuaosagqmsolqlsnqejetosianqbxqolsnqosveyqLeqoiirquqtenoquahqolea
nmeddehqlsvnedpq fquahqpeoclehquqn ccennsiaqipquhvstubdeqgtiuany

Nshqnaitehqiay

OivqmunquggtukuoehyqLeqnush,q“Nsh,qNsh!”quahqnliirqlsvyqOlsnqci tne
mitrehqmedd,quahqOivqbeguaqoiqgtiuaqugusayqNshqxumaeh,qnoteocleh,qolea
bti gloqlsvnedpq fqiaqlsnqedbimqmsolquqnaito,quahqbeguaqoiqnoutequoqOivy
OivqmeaoqiaqgtiuasagyqNshqnush:

“Oiv!qNux,qOiv!”q[Aiqtenfianey]q“Lete,qOiv!qOIV!qMluoqsnqoleqvuooet,
Oiv?”qUahqleqnliirqlsvquahqdiirehqsaqlsnqpucequajsi ndxy

Oivqviuaehqi o:

“Il,qhia'o,qNshyqHia'oqziggdeqvey”

“Mlx,qmluo'nqoleqvuooet,qOiv?qSqv noqcuddqu aosey”

“Ai--aeketqvsahyqSo'ddqbeqiketqbxquahqbx,qvuxbeyqHia'oqcuddquaxbihxy”

“B oqSqv no!q_Hia'o_qgtiuaqni,qOiv,qso'nqump dyqLimqdiagqxi qbeeaqolsn
mux?”

“Li tnyqI cl!qIl,qhia'oqnostqni,qNsh,qxi 'ddqrsddqvey”

“Oiv,qmlxqhsha'oqxi qmureqveqniiaet?qIl,qOiv,q_hia'o!_qSoqvurenqvxqpdenl
ctumdqoiqleutqxi yqOiv,qmluoqsnqoleqvuooet?”

“Sqpitgskeqxi qeketxolsag,qNshyq[Gtiuay]qEketxolsagqxi 'keqeketqhiaeqoi
veyqMleaqS'vqgiae--”

“Il,qOiv,qxi qusa'oqhxsag,quteqxi ?qHia'o,qOiv--il,qhia'oyqVuxbe--”

“Sqpitgskeqeketxbihx,qNshyq[Gtiuay]qOeddq'evqni,qNshyqUahqNsh,qxi qgske
vxqmsahim-nunlquahqvxqcuoqmsolqiaeqexeqoiqoluoqaemqgstdqoluo'nqciveqoi
oima,quahqoeddqlet--”

B oqNshqluhqnauoclehqlsnqcdiolenquahqgiaeyqOivqmunqn ppetsagqsaqteudsox,
aim,qniqluahnivedxqmunqlsnqsvugsauosiaqmitrsag,quahqniqlsnqgtiuanqluh
guoletehqw soequqgea saeqoiaey

Nshqpdemqhimanoustnquahqnush:

“Il,qU aoqFiddx,qcive!qOiv'nqhxsag!”

“Hxsag!”

“Xen'vyqHia'oqmuso--civeqw scr!”

“T bbuge!qSqhia'oqbedsekeqso!”

B oqnleqpdehq fnoustn,qaeketoledenn,qmsolqNshquahqVutxquoqletqleedny
Uahqletqpuceqgtemqmlsoe,qoii,quahqletqdsfqotevbdehyqMleaqnleqteuclehqole
behnsheqnleqgunfehqi o:

“Xi ,qOiv!qOiv,qmluo'nqoleqvuooetqmsolqxi ?”

“Il,qu aose,qS'v--”

“Mluo'nqoleqvuooetqmsolqxi --mluoqsnqoleqvuooetqmsolqxi ,qclsdh?”

“Il,qu aose,qvxqniteqoie'nqvitospseh!”

Oleqidhqduhxqnuarqhimaqsaoiquqclustquahqdu glehquqdsoode,qoleaqctsehqu
dsoode,qoleaqhshqbiolqoigeoletyqOlsnqtenoitehqletquahqnleqnush:

“Oiv,qmluoquqo taqxi qhshqgskeqveyqAimqxi qnl oq fqoluoqaianeanequah
cdsvbqi oqipqolsny”

OleqgtiuanqceunehquahqoleqfusaqkuasnlehqptivqoleqoieyqOleqbixqpedoqu
dsoodeqpiidsnl,quahqleqnush:

“U aoqFiddx,qsoq_neeveh_qvitospseh,quahqsoql toqniqSqaeketqvsahehqvx
oiiolquoquddy”

“Xi tqoiiol,qsaheeh!qMluo'nqoleqvuooetqmsolqxi tqoiiol?”

“Iaeqipqolev'nqdiine,quahqsoquclenqfetpecodxqump dy”

“Olete,qolete,qaim,qhia'oqbegsaqoluoqgtiuasagqugusayqIfeaqxi tqvi oly
Medd--xi tqoiiolq_sn_qdiine,qb oqxi 'teqaioqgisagqoiqhsequbi oqoluoy
Vutx,qgeoqvequqnsdrqolteuh,quahquqcl arqipqpsteqi oqipqoleqrsocleay”

Oivqnush:

“Il,qfdeune,qu aose,qhia'oqf ddqsoqi oyqSoqhia'oql toquaxqviteyqSqmsnl
SqvuxqaeketqnostqspqsoqhienyqFdeuneqhia'o,qu aoseyqSqhia'oqmuaoqoiqnoux
liveqptivqncliidy”

“Il,qxi qhia'o,qhia'oqxi ?qNiquddqolsnqtimqmunqbecu neqxi qoli gloqxi 'h
geoqoiqnouxqliveqptivqncliidquahqgiqu-psnlsag?qOiv,qOiv,qSqdikeqxi qni,
uahqxi qneevqoiqotxqeketxqmuxqxi qcuaqoiqbteurqvxqidhqleutoqmsolqxi t
i otugei naenny”qBxqolsnqosveqoleqheaoudqsanot veaonqmeteqteuhxyqOleqidh
duhxqvuheqiaeqeahqipqoleqnsdrqolteuhqpunoqoiqOiv'nqoiiolqmsolquqdiif
uahqosehqoleqioletqoiqoleqbehfinoyqOleaqnleqnes.ehqoleqcl arqipqpstequah
n hheadxqolt noqsoqudvinoqsaoiqoleqbix'nqpuceyqOleqoiiolql agqhuagdsag
bxqoleqbehfino,qaimy

B oquddqotsudnqbtsagqolestqcivfeanuosianyqUnqOivqmeahehqoiqncliidqupoet
bteurpuno,qleqmunqoleqeakxqipqeketxqbixqleqveoqbecu neqoleqgufqsaqlsn
 ffetqtimqipqoeeolqeaubdehqlsvqoiqejfecoituoeqsaquqaemquahquhvstubde
muxyqLeqguoletehqw soequqpiddimsagqipqduhnqsaoetenoehqsaqoleqejlsbsosia;
uahqiaeqoluoqluhqc oqlsnqpsagetquahqluhqbeeaquqceaoteqipqpuncsauosiaquah
livugeq fqoiqolsnqosve,qaimqpi ahqlsvnedpqn hheadxqmsoli oquaquhleteao,
uahqnlitaqipqlsnqgditxyqLsnqleutoqmunqleukx,quahqleqnushqmsolquqhsnhusa
mlsclqleqhshqaioqpeedqoluoqsoqmuna'oquaxolsagqoiqnfsoqdsreqOivqNumxet;
b oquaioletqbixqnush,q“Ni tqgtufen!”quahqleqmuahetehqumuxquqhsnvuaodeh
letiy

NlitodxqOivqcuveq fiaqoleqz keasdeqfutsulqipqoleqksdduge,qL crdebettx
Psaa,qniaqipqoleqoimaqht aruthyqL crdebettxqmunqcithsuddxqluoehquah
hteuhehqbxquddqoleqvioletnqipqoleqoima,qbecu neqleqmunqshdequahqdumdenn
uahqk dgutquahqbuh--uahqbecu nequddqolestqclsdhteaquhvstehqlsvqni,quah
hedsgloehqsaqlsnqpitbshheaqnicseox,quahqmsnlehqolexqhutehqoiqbeqdsre
lsvyqOivqmunqdsreqoleqtenoqipqoleqtenfecoubdeqbixn,qsaqoluoqleqeakseh
L crdebettxqlsnqgu hxqi ocunoqciahsosia,quahqmunq ahetqnotscoqithetn
aioqoiqfduxqmsolqlsvyqNiqleqfduxehqmsolqlsvqeketxqosveqleqgioquqcluacey
L crdebettxqmunqudmuxnqhtennehqsaqoleqcuno-ippqcdiolenqipqp dd-gtima
vea,quahqolexqmeteqsaqfeteaasudqbdiivquahqpd ooetsagqmsolqtugnyqLsnqluo
munquqkunoqt saqmsolquqmsheqctenceaoqdiffehqi oqipqsonqbtsv;qlsnqciuo,
mleaqleqmiteqiae,ql agqaeutdxqoiqlsnqleednquahqluhqoleqteutmuthqb ooian
putqhimaqoleqbucr;qb oqiaeqn nfeahetqn ffitoehqlsnqoti netn;qoleqneuoqip
oleqoti netnqbuggehqdimquahqciaousaehqaiolsag,qoleqptsagehqdegnqhtuggeh
saqoleqhstoqmleaqaioqtiddehq fy

L crdebettxqcuvequahqmeao,quoqlsnqimaqpteeqmsddyqLeqndefoqiaqhiitnoefn
saqpsaeqmeuoletquahqsaqevfoxqlignleuhnqsaqmeo;qleqhshqaioqlukeqoiqgiqoi
ncliidqitqoiqcl tcl,qitqcuddquaxqbesagqvunoetqitqibexquaxbihx;qleqci dh
giqpsnlsagqitqnmsvvsagqmleaquahqmleteqleqcline,quahqnouxqunqdiagqunqso
n soehqlsv;qaibihxqpitbuheqlsvqoiqpsglo;qleqci dhqnsoq fqunqduoequnqle
fdeuneh;qleqmunqudmuxnqoleqpstnoqbixqoluoqmeaoqbutepiioqsaqoleqnftsag
uahqoleqdunoqoiqten veqdeuoletqsaqoleqpudd;qleqaeketqluhqoiqmunl,qait
f oqiaqcdeuaqcdiolen;qleqci dhqnmeutqmiahetp ddxyqSaquqmith,qeketxolsag
oluoqgienqoiqvureqdspeqftecsi nqoluoqbixqluhyqNiqoli gloqeketxqlutunneh,
luvfeteh,qtenfecoubdeqbixqsaqNoyqFeoetnb tgy

Oivqlusdehqoleqtivuaoscqi ocuno:

“Leddi,qL crdebettx!”

“Leddiqxi tnedp,quahqneeqlimqxi qdsreqsoy”

“Mluo'nqoluoqxi qgio?”

“Heuhqcuoy”

“Devveqneeqlsv,qL cryqVx,qle'nqfteooxqnosppyqMlete'hqxi qgeoqlsv?”

“Bi gloqlsvqipp'aquqbixy”

“Mluoqhshqxi qgske?”

“Sqgskequqbd eqoscreoquahquqbduhhetqoluoqSqgioquoqoleqndu gloet-li ney”

“Mlete'hqxi qgeoqoleqbd eqoscreo?”

“Bi gloqsoqipp'aqBeaqTigetnqomiqmeernqugiqpitquqliif-noscry”

“Nux--mluoqsnqheuhqcuonqgiihqpit,qL cr?”

“Giihqpit?qC teqmutonqmsoly”

“Ai!qSnqoluoqni?qSqraimqniveolsagqoluo'nqbeooety”

“Sqbeoqxi qhia'oyqMluoqsnqso?”

“Mlx,qnf ar-muoety”

“Nf ar-muoet!qSqmi dha'oqgskequqhetaqpitqnf ar-muoety”

“Xi qmi dha'o,qmi dha'oqxi ?qH'xi qeketqotxqso?”

“Ai,qSqlusa'oyqB oqBibqOuaaetqhshy”

“Mliqoidhqxi qni!”

“Mlx,qleqoidhqZeppqOluoclet,quahqZeppqoidhqZilaaxqBuret,quahqZilaax
oidhqZsvqLiddsn,quahqZsvqoidhqBeaqTigetn,quahqBeaqoidhquqasgget,quahqole
asggetqoidhqveyqOleteqaim!”

“Medd,qmluoqipqso?qOlex'ddquddqdseyqDeunomuxnquddqb oqoleqasggetyqS
hia'oqraimq_lsv_yqB oqSqaeketqneequqasggetqoluoq_mi dha'o_qdseyqNl crn!
Aimqxi qoeddqveqlimqBibqOuaaetqhiaeqso,qL cry”

“Mlx,qleqoiirquahqhsffehqlsnqluahqsaquqtiooeaqno vfqmleteqoleqtusa-muoet
muny”

“Saqoleqhuxosve?”

“Cetousadxy”

“Msolqlsnqpuceqoiqoleqno vf?”

“XenyqDeunoqSqtecriaqniy”

“Hshqleqnuxquaxolsag?”

“Sqhia'oqtecriaqleqhshyqSqhia'oqraimy”

“Ulu!qOudrqubi oqotxsagqoiqc teqmutonqmsolqnf ar-muoetqn clquqbduveqpiid
muxqunqoluo!qMlx,qoluoqusa'oqu-gisagqoiqhiquaxqgiihyqXi qgioqoiqgiqudd
bxqxi tnedp,qoiqoleqvshhdeqipqoleqmiihn,qmleteqxi qraimqolete'nqu
nf ar-muoetqno vf,quahqz noqunqso'nqvshasgloqxi qbucrq fqugusanoqoleqno vf
uahqzuvqxi tqluahqsaquahqnux:

'Butdex-cita,qbutdex-cita,qsaz a-veudqnliton,qNf ar-muoet,qnf ar-muoet,
nmuddetqoleneqmuton,'

uahqoleaqmudrqumuxqw scr,qedekeaqnoefn,qmsolqxi tqexenqnl o,quahqolea
o taquti ahqolteeqosvenquahqmudrqliveqmsoli oqnfeursagqoiquaxbihxy
Becu neqspqxi qnfeurqoleqclutv'nqb noehy”

“Medd,qoluoqni ahnqdsrequqgiihqmux;qb oqoluoqusa'oqoleqmuxqBibqOuaaet
hiaey”

“Ai,qnst,qxi qcuaqbeoqleqhsha'o,qbec .qle'nqoleqmutosenoqbixqsaqolsn
oima;quahqleqmi dha'oqlukequqmutoqiaqlsvqspqle'hqraimehqlimqoiqmitr
nf ar-muoetyqS'keqoiirqippqoli nuahnqipqmutonqippqipqvxqluahnqoluoqmux,
L cryqSqfduxqmsolqptignqniqv clqoluoqS'kequdmuxnqgioqcianshetubdeqvuax
mutonyqNiveosvenqSqoureq'evqippqmsolquqbeuay”

“Xen,qbeua'nqgiihyqS'keqhiaeqoluoy”

“Lukeqxi ?qMluo'nqxi tqmux?”

“Xi qourequahqnfdsoqoleqbeua,quahqc oqoleqmutoqniqunqoiqgeoqniveqbdiih,
uahqoleaqxi qf oqoleqbdiihqiaqiaeqfseceqipqoleqbeuaquahqourequahqhsg
uqlidequahqb txqsoq'bi oqvshasgloquoqoleqctinntiuhnqsaqoleqhutrqipqole
viia,quahqoleaqxi qb taq fqoleqtenoqipqoleqbeuayqXi qneeqoluoqfsece
oluo'nqgioqoleqbdiihqiaqsoqmsddqreefqhtumsagquahqhtumsag,qotxsagqoi
peoclqoleqioletqfseceqoiqso,quahqniqoluoqledfnqoleqbdiihqoiqhtumqole
muto,quahqfteooxqniiaqippqnleqciveny”

“Xen,qoluo'nqso,qL cr--oluo'nqso;qoli glqmleaqxi 'teqb txsagqsoqspqxi 
nuxq'Himaqbeua;qippqmuto;qciveqaiqviteqoiqbioletqve!'qso'nqbeooety
Oluo'nqoleqmuxqZieqLutfetqhien,quahqle'nqbeeaqaeutdxqoiqCiiaksddequah
vinoqeketxmletenyqB oqnux--limqhiqxi qc teq'evqmsolqheuhqcuon?”

“Mlx,qxi qoureqxi tqcuoquahqgiquahqgeoqsaqoleqgtuke-xuthq'diagqubi o
vshasgloqmleaqnivebihxqoluoqmunqmscrehqlunqbeeaqb tseh;quahqmleaqso'n
vshasgloquqheksdqmsddqcive,qitqvuxbeqomiqitqoltee,qb oqxi qcua'oqnee
'ev,qxi qcuaqiadxqleutqniveolsagqdsreqoleqmsah,qitqvuxbeqleutq'evqoudr;
uahqmleaqolex'teqoursagqoluoqpeddetqumux,qxi qleukeqxi tqcuoqupoetq'ev
uahqnux,q'Heksdqpiddimqcitfne,qcuoqpiddimqheksd,qmutonqpiddimqcuo,qS'v
hiaeqmsolqxe!'qOluo'ddqpeoclq_uax_qmutoy”

“Ni ahnqtsgloyqH'xi qeketqotxqso,qL cr?”

“Ai,qb oqidhqVioletqLifrsanqoidhqvey”

“Medd,qSqtecriaqso'nqni,qoleayqBec .qolexqnuxqnle'nquqmsocly”

“Nux!qMlx,qOiv,qSq_raim_qnleqsnyqNleqmsoclehqfufyqFufqnuxnqniqlsnqima
nedpyqLeqcivequdiagqiaeqhux,quahqleqneeqnleqmunqu-msoclsagqlsv,qniqle
oiirq fquqticr,quahqspqnleqluha'oqhihgeh,qle'hquqgioqletyqMedd,qoluo
ketxqasgloqleqtiddehqipp'aquqnlehqmlet'qleqmunquqduxsaqht ar,quahqbtire
lsnqutvy”

“Mlx,qoluo'nqump dyqLimqhshqleqraimqnleqmunqu-msoclsagqlsv?”

“Dith,qfufqcuaqoedd,qeunxyqFufqnuxnqmleaqolexqreefqdiirsagquoqxi qtsglo
noshhx,qolex'tequ-msoclsagqxi yqNfecsuddxqspqolexqv vbdeyqBec .qmlea
olexqv vbdeqolex'teqnuxsagqoleqDith'nqFtuxetqbucruthny”

“Nux,qL crx,qmleaqxi qgisagqoiqotxqoleqcuo?”

“Oi-asgloyqSqtecriaqolex'ddqcivequpoetqidhqLinnqMsddsuvnqoi-asgloy”

“B oqolexqb tsehqlsvqNuo thuxyqHsha'oqolexqgeoqlsvqNuo thuxqasglo?”

“Mlx,qlimqxi qoudr!qLimqci dhqolestqclutvnqmitrqosddqvshasglo?--uah
_olea_qso'nqN ahuxyqHeksdnqhia'oqndinlquti ahqv clqipquqN ahux,qSqhia'o
tecriay”

“Sqaeketqoli gloqipqoluoyqOluo'nqniyqDevveqgiqmsolqxi ?”

“Ipqci tne--spqxi qusa'oqupeuthy”

“Upeuth!q'Ousa'oqdsredxyqMsddqxi qveim?”

“Xen--uahqxi qveimqbucr,qspqxi qgeoquqcluaceyqDunoqosve,qxi qref'qve
u-veimsagquti ahqosddqidhqLuxnqmeaoqoiqoltimsagqticrnquoqvequahqnuxn
'Hetaqoluoqcuo!'quahqniqSqlikequqbtscrqolti glqlsnqmsahim--b oqhia'oqxi 
oeddy”

“Sqmia'oyqSqci dha'oqveimqoluoqasglo,qbec .qu aoseqmunqmuoclsagqve,qb o
S'ddqveimqolsnqosveyqNux--mluo'nqoluo?”

“Aiolsagqb oquqoscry”

“Mlete'hqxi qgeoqlsv?”

“I oqsaqoleqmiihny”

“Mluo'ddqxi qoureqpitqlsv?”

“Sqhia'oqraimyqSqhia'oqmuaoqoiqneddqlsvy”

“UddqtsgloyqSo'nquqvsgloxqnvuddqoscr,quaxmuxy”

“Il,quaxbihxqcuaqt aquqoscrqhimaqoluoqhia'oqbediagqoiqolevyqS'v
nuosnpsehqmsolqsoyqSo'nquqgiihqeai glqoscrqpitqvey”

“Nli,qolete'nqoscrnquqfdeaoxyqSqci dhqlukequqoli nuahqipq'evqspqSqmuaoeh
oiy”

“Medd,qmlxqhia'oqxi ?qBec .qxi qraimqvsgloxqmeddqxi qcua'oyqOlsnqsnqu
fteooxqeutdxqoscr,qSqtecriayqSo'nqoleqpstnoqiaeqS'keqneeaqolsnqxeuty”

“Nux,qL cr--S'ddqgskeqxi qvxqoiiolqpitqlsvy”

“Dennqneeqsoy”

Oivqgioqi oquqbsoqipqfufetquahqcutep ddxq atiddehqsoyqL crdebettxqksemeh
soqmsnop ddxyqOleqoevfouosiaqmunqketxqnotiagyqUoqdunoqleqnush:

“Snqsoqgea mxae?”

Oivqdspoehqlsnqdsfquahqnlimehqoleqkucuacxy

“Medd,quddqtsglo,”qnushqL crdebettx,q“so'nquqotuhey”

Oivqeacdinehqoleqoscrqsaqoleqfetc nnsia-cufqbijqoluoqluhqduoedxqbeeaqole
fsaclb g'nqftsnia,quahqoleqbixnqnefutuoeh,qeuclqpeedsagqmeudolsetqolua
bepitey

MleaqOivqteuclehqoleqdsoodeqsniduoehqptuveqncliid-li ne,qleqnotiheqsa
btsnrdx,qmsolqoleqvuaaetqipqiaeqmliqluhqciveqmsolquddqliaenoqnfeehyqLe
l agqlsnqluoqiaquqfegquahqpd agqlsvnedpqsaoiqlsnqneuoqmsolqb nsaenn-dsre
uductsoxyqOleqvunoet,qoltiaehqiaqlsglqsaqlsnqgteuoqnfdsao-biooiv
utv-clust,qmunqhi.sag,qd ddehqbxqoleqhtimnxql vqipqno hxyqOle
saoett fosiaqti nehqlsvy

“OlivunqNumxet!”

Oivqraemqoluoqmleaqlsnqauveqmunqftiai acehqsaqp dd,qsoqveuaoqoti bdey

“Nst!”

“Civeq fqleteyqAim,qnst,qmlxquteqxi qduoequgusa,qunq n ud?”

Oivqmunqubi oqoiqoureqtep geqsaquqdse,qmleaqleqnumqomiqdiagqousdnqip
xeddimqlustqluagsagqhimaquqbucrqoluoqleqtecigas.ehqbxqoleqedecotsc
nxvfuolxqipqdike;quahqbxqoluoqpitvqmunq_oleqiadxqkucuaoqfduce_qiaqole
gstdn'qnsheqipqoleqncliid-li neyqLeqsanouaodxqnush:

“_SqnoiffehqoiqoudrqmsolqL crdebettxqPsaa!_”

Oleqvunoet'nqf dneqnoiihqnosdd,quahqleqnoutehqledfdenndxyqOleqb ..qip
no hxqceunehyqOleqf fsdnqmiahetehqspqolsnqpiidluthxqbixqluhqdinoqlsn
vsahyqOleqvunoetqnush:

“Xi --xi qhshqmluo?”

“NoiffehqoiqoudrqmsolqL crdebettxqPsaay”

Oleteqmunqaiqvsnoursagqoleqmithny

“OlivunqNumxet,qolsnqsnqoleqvinoqunoi ahsagqciapennsiaqSqlukeqeket
dsnoeaehqoiyqAiqveteqpet deqmsddquanmetqpitqolsnqippeaceyqOureqippqxi t
zucreoy”

Oleqvunoet'nqutvqfetpitvehq aosdqsoqmunqostehquahqoleqnoicrqipqnmsoclen
aioubdxqhsvsasnlehyqOleaqoleqithetqpiddimeh:

“Aim,qnst,qgiquahqnsoqmsolqoleqgstdn!qUahqdeoqolsnqbequqmutasagqoiqxi y”

Oleqosooetqoluoqtsffdehquti ahqoleqtiivquffeutehqoiqubunlqoleqbix,qb o
saqteudsoxqoluoqten doqmunqcu nehqtuoletqviteqbxqlsnqmitnlsfp dqume
ipqlsnq araimaqshidquahqoleqhteuhqfdeun teqoluoqduxqsaqlsnqlsglqgiih
pito aeyqLeqnuoqhimaq fiaqoleqeahqipqoleqfsaeqbeaclquahqoleqgstdqlsocleh
letnedpqumuxqptivqlsvqmsolquqoinnqipqletqleuhyqA hgenquahqmsarnquah
mlsnfetnqotuketnehqoleqtiiv,qb oqOivqnuoqnosdd,qmsolqlsnqutvnq fiaqole
diag,qdimqhenrqbepiteqlsv,quahqneevehqoiqno hxqlsnqbiiry

Bxquahqbxquooeaosiaqceunehqptivqlsv,quahqolequcc noivehqncliidqv tv t
tineq fiaqoleqh ddqustqiaceqviteyqFteneaodxqoleqbixqbeguaqoiqnoeud
p toskeqgduacenquoqoleqgstdyqNleqibnetkehqso,q“vuhequqvi ol”quoqlsv
uahqgukeqlsvqoleqbucrqipqletqleuhqpitqoleqnfuceqipquqvsa oeyqMleaqnle
cu osi ndxqpucehquti ahqugusa,quqfeuclqduxqbepiteqletyqNleqolt noqso
umuxyqOivqgeaodxqf oqsoqbucryqNleqolt noqsoqumuxqugusa,qb oqmsolqdenn
uasvinsoxyqOivqfuoseaodxqteo taehqsoqoiqsonqfduceyqOleaqnleqdeoqso
tevusayqOivqnctumdehqiaqlsnqnduoe,q“Fdeuneqoureqso--Sqgioqvitey”qOle
gstdqgduacehquoqoleqmithn,qb oqvuheqaiqnsgayqAimqoleqbixqbeguaqoiqhtum
niveolsagqiaqoleqnduoe,qlshsagqlsnqmitrqmsolqlsnqdepoqluahyqPitquqosve
oleqgstdqtep nehqoiqaiosce;qb oqletql vuaqc tsinsoxqfteneaodxqbegua
oiqvuaspenoqsonedpqbxqluthdxqfetcefosbdeqnsganyqOleqbixqmitrehqia,
uffuteaodxq aciancsi nyqOleqgstdqvuhequqnitoqipqaia-civvsooudquooevfo
oiqnee,qb oqoleqbixqhshqaioqbeotuxqoluoqleqmunqumuteqipqsoyqUoqdunoqnle
gukeqsaquahqlensouosagdxqmlsnfeteh:

“Deoqveqneeqsoy”

Oivqfutodxq aciketehquqhsnvudqcutscuo teqipquqli neqmsolqomiqgubdeqeahn
oiqsoquahquqcitrnctemqipqnvireqsnn sagqptivqoleqclsvaexyqOleaqoleqgstd'n
saoetenoqbeguaqoiqpunoeaqsonedpq fiaqoleqmitrquahqnleqpitgioqeketxolsag
edneyqMleaqsoqmunqpsasnleh,qnleqgu.ehquqviveao,qoleaqmlsnfeteh:

“So'nqasce--vurequqvuay”

Olequtosnoqetecoehquqvuaqsaqoleqptiaoqxuth,qoluoqtenevbdehquqhettscryqLe
ci dhqlukeqnoeffehqiketqoleqli ne;qb oqoleqgstdqmunqaioqlxfetctsoscud;
nleqmunqnuosnpsehqmsolqoleqvianoet,quahqmlsnfeteh:

“So'nquqbeu osp dqvua--aimqvureqveqcivsagqudiagy”

Oivqhtemquaqli t-gdunnqmsolquqp ddqviiaquahqnotumqdsvbnqoiqsoquahqutveh
oleqnfteuhsagqpsagetnqmsolquqfitoeaoi nqpuayqOleqgstdqnush:

“So'nqeketqniqasce--SqmsnlqSqci dhqhtumy”

“So'nqeunx,”qmlsnfetehqOiv,q“S'ddqdeutaqxi y”

“Il,qmsddqxi ?qMlea?”

“UoqaiiayqHiqxi qgiqliveqoiqhsaaet?”

“S'ddqnouxqspqxi qmsddy”

“Giih--oluo'nquqmlucryqMluo'nqxi tqauve?”

“BecrxqOluocletyqMluo'nqxi tn?qIl,qSqraimyqSo'nqOlivunqNumxety”

“Oluo'nqoleqauveqolexqdscrqveqbxyqS'vqOivqmleaqS'vqgiihyqXi qcuddqve
Oiv,qmsddqxi ?”

“Xeny”

AimqOivqbeguaqoiqnctumdqniveolsagqiaqoleqnduoe,qlshsagqoleqmithnqptiv
oleqgstdyqB oqnleqmunqaioqbucrmuthqolsnqosveyqNleqbeggehqoiqneeyqOiv
nush:

“Il,qsoqusa'oquaxolsagy”

“Xenqsoqsny”

“Aiqsoqusa'oyqXi qhia'oqmuaoqoiqneey”

“XenqSqhi,qsaheehqSqhiyqFdeuneqdeoqvey”

“Xi 'ddqoeddy”

“AiqSqmia'o--heehquahqheehquahqhi bdeqheehqmia'oy”

“Xi qmia'oqoeddquaxbihxquoqudd?qEket,qunqdiagqunqxi qdske?”

“Ai,qSqmia'oqeketqoeddq_uax_bihxyqAimqdeoqvey”

“Il,q_xi _qhia'oqmuaoqoiqnee!”

“Aimqoluoqxi qoteuoqveqni,qSq_msdd_qneey”qUahqnleqf oqletqnvuddqluah
 fiaqlsnquahquqdsoodeqnc ppdeqean eh,qOivqfteoeahsagqoiqtensnoqsa
eutaenoqb oqdeoosagqlsnqluahqndsfqbxqhegteenqosddqoleneqmithnqmete
tekeudeh:q“_Sqdikeqxi _y”

“Il,qxi qbuhqolsag!”qUahqnleqlsoqlsnqluahquqnvutoqtuf,qb oqtehheaehquah
diirehqfdeuneh,qaeketoledenny

Z noquoqolsnqz aco teqoleqbixqpedoquqndim,qpuoep dqgtsfqcdinsagqiaqlsn
eut,quahquqnoeuhxqdsposagqsvf dneyqSaqoluoqmsneqleqmunqbitaequctinnqole
li nequahqhefinsoehqsaqlsnqimaqneuo,q ahetquqfeffetsagqpsteqipqgsggden
ptivqoleqmlideqncliidyqOleaqoleqvunoetqnoiihqiketqlsvqh tsagquqpemqump d
viveaon,quahqpsauddxqvikehqumuxqoiqlsnqoltiaeqmsoli oqnuxsagquqmithyqB o
udoli glqOiv'nqeutqosagdeh,qlsnqleutoqmunqz bsduaoy

Unqoleqncliidqw seoehqhimaqOivqvuhequaqliaenoqeppitoqoiqno hx,qb o
oleqo tvisdqmsolsaqlsvqmunqoiiqgteuoyqSaqo taqleqoiirqlsnqfduceqsaqole
teuhsagqcdunnquahqvuhequqbioclqipqso;qoleaqsaqoleqgeigtuflxqcdunnquah
o taehqdurenqsaoiqvi aousan,qvi aousanqsaoiqtsketn,quahqtsketnqsaoi
ciaosaeaon,qosddqcluinqmunqcivequgusa;qoleaqsaqoleqnfeddsagqcdunn,quah
gioq“o taehqhima,”qbxquqn ccennsiaqipqveteqbubxqmithn,qosddqleqbti glo
 fquoqoleqpiioquahqxsedhehq fqoleqfemoetqvehudqmlsclqleqluhqmitaqmsol
inoeaouosiaqpitqviaolny




CLUFOETqKSS

OLEqluthetqOivqotsehqoiqpunoeaqlsnqvsahqiaqlsnqbiir,qoleqviteqlsnqsheun
muahetehyqNiquoqduno,qmsolquqnsglquahquqxuma,qleqgukeqsoq fyqSoqneeveh
oiqlsvqoluoqoleqaiiaqtecennqmi dhqaeketqciveyqOlequstqmunq ooetdxqheuhy
OleteqmunqaioquqbteuolqnosttsagyqSoqmunqoleqndeefsenoqipqndeefxqhuxny
Oleqhtimnsagqv tv tqipqoleqpskequahqomeaoxqno hxsagqnclidutnqniioleh
oleqni dqdsreqoleqnfeddqoluoqsnqsaqoleqv tv tqipqbeenyqUmuxqippqsaqole
pduvsagqn anlsae,qCuthsppqLsddqdspoehqsonqnipoqgteeaqnshenqolti glqu
nlsvvetsagqkesdqipqleuo,qosaoehqmsolqoleqf tfdeqipqhsnouace;quqpemqbsthn
pdiuoehqiaqdu.xqmsagqlsglqsaqolequst;qaiqioletqdsksagqolsagqmunqksnsbde
b oqniveqcimn,quahqolexqmetequndeefyqOiv'nqleutoquclehqoiqbeqptee,qit
edneqoiqlukeqniveolsagqipqsaoetenoqoiqhiqoiqfunnqoleqhteutxqosvey
Lsnqluahqmuahetehqsaoiqlsnqficreoquahqlsnqpuceqdsoq fqmsolquqgdimqip
gtuoso heqoluoqmunqftuxet,qoli glqleqhshqaioqraimqsoyqOleaqp toskedx
oleqfetc nnsia-cufqbijqcuveqi oyqLeqtedeunehqoleqoscrquahqf oqlsvqia
oleqdiagqpduoqhenryqOleqcteuo teqftibubdxqgdimehqmsolquqgtuoso heqoluo
uvi aoehqoiqftuxet,qoii,quoqolsnqviveao,qb oqsoqmunqftevuo te:qpitqmlea
leqnoutoehqoluarp ddxqoiqotukedqipp,qOivqo taehqlsvqunsheqmsolquqfsaquah
vuheqlsvqourequqaemqhstecosiay

Oiv'nqbinivqptseahqnuoqaejoqlsv,qn ppetsagqz noqunqOivqluhqbeea,quah
aimqleqmunqheefdxquahqgtuoep ddxqsaoetenoehqsaqolsnqeaoetousaveaoqsa
uaqsanouaoyqOlsnqbinivqptseahqmunqZieqLutfetyqOleqomiqbixnqmeteqnmita
ptseahnquddqoleqmeer,quahqevbuoodehqeaevsenqiaqNuo thuxnyqZieqoiirqu
fsaqi oqipqlsnqdufedquahqbeguaqoiqunnsnoqsaqejetcsnsagqoleqftsniaety
OleqnfitoqgtemqsaqsaoetenoqviveaodxyqNiiaqOivqnushqoluoqolexqmete
saoetpetsagqmsolqeuclqiolet,quahqaesoletqgeoosagqoleqp ddenoqbeaepso
ipqoleqoscryqNiqleqf oqZie'nqnduoeqiaqoleqhenrquahqhtemquqdsaeqhimaqole
vshhdeqipqsoqptivqoifqoiqbiooivy

“Aim,”qnushqle,q“unqdiagqunqleqsnqiaqxi tqnsheqxi qcuaqnostqlsvq fquah
S'ddqdeoqlsvqudiae;qb oqspqxi qdeoqlsvqgeoqumuxquahqgeoqiaqvxqnshe,
xi 'teqoiqdeukeqlsvqudiaequnqdiagqunqSqcuaqreefqlsvqptivqctinnsagqikety”

“Uddqtsglo,qgiquleuh;qnoutoqlsvq fy”

OleqoscrqencufehqptivqOiv,qfteneaodx,quahqctinnehqoleqew uoityqZie
lutunnehqlsvqumlsde,quahqoleaqleqgioqumuxquahqctinnehqbucrqugusayqOlsn
cluageqipqbuneqicc ttehqipoeayqMlsdeqiaeqbixqmunqmittxsagqoleqoscrqmsol
ubnitbsagqsaoeteno,qoleqioletqmi dhqdiirqiaqmsolqsaoetenoqunqnotiag,qole
omiqleuhnqbimehqoigeoletqiketqoleqnduoe,quahqoleqomiqni dnqheuhqoiqudd
olsagnqedneyqUoqdunoqd crqneevehqoiqneoodequahqubsheqmsolqZieyqOle
oscrqotsehqolsn,qoluo,quahqoleqioletqci tne,quahqgioqunqejcsoehquahqun
uajsi nqunqoleqbixnqolevnedken,qb oqosvequahqugusaqz noqunqleqmi dh
lukeqkscoitxqsaqlsnqketxqgtunf,qniqoiqnfeur,quahqOiv'nqpsagetnqmi dh
beqomsoclsagqoiqbegsa,qZie'nqfsaqmi dhqhepodxqleuhqlsvqipp,quahqreef
finnennsiayqUoqdunoqOivqci dhqnouahqsoqaiqdiagetyqOleqoevfouosiaqmunqoii
notiagyqNiqleqteuclehqi oquahqdeaoquqluahqmsolqlsnqfsayqZieqmunquagtxqsa
uqviveaoyqNushqle:

“Oiv,qxi qdeoqlsvqudiaey”

“Sqiadxqz noqmuaoqoiqnostqlsvq fquqdsoode,qZiey”

“Ai,qnst,qsoqusa'oqpust;qxi qz noqdeoqlsvqudiaey”

“Bduveqso,qSqusa'oqgisagqoiqnostqlsvqv cly”

“Deoqlsvqudiae,qSqoeddqxi y”

“Sqmia'o!”

“Xi qnludd--le'nqiaqvxqnsheqipqoleqdsaey”

“Diirqlete,qZieqLutfet,qmlineqsnqoluoqoscr?”

“Sqhia'oqcuteqmlineqoscrqleqsn--le'nqiaqvxqnsheqipqoleqdsae,quahqxi 
nlu'a'oqoi clqlsvy”

“Medd,qS'ddqz noqbeoqSqmsdd,qoli glyqLe'nqvxqoscrquahqS'ddqhiqmluoqS
bduveqfdeuneqmsolqlsv,qitqhse!”

Uqoteveahi nqmlucrqcuveqhimaqiaqOiv'nqnli dhetn,quahqsonqh fdscuoeqia
Zie'n;quahqpitqoleqnfuceqipqomiqvsa oenqoleqh noqciaosa ehqoiqpdxqptiv
oleqomiqzucreonquahqoleqmlideqncliidqoiqeazixqsoyqOleqbixnqluhqbeea
oiiqubnitbehqoiqaiosceqoleql nlqoluoqluhqnoideaq fiaqoleqncliidqumlsde
bepiteqmleaqoleqvunoetqcuveqosfoiesagqhimaqoleqtiivquahqnoiihqiketqolevy
Leqluhqciaoevfduoehquqgiihqfutoqipqoleqfetpitvuaceqbepiteqleqciaotsb oeh
lsnqbsoqipqkutseoxqoiqsoy

Mleaqncliidqbtireq fquoqaiia,qOivqpdemqoiqBecrxqOluoclet,quahqmlsnfeteh
saqletqeut:

“F oqiaqxi tqbiaaeoquahqdeoqiaqxi 'teqgisagqlive;quahqmleaqxi qgeoqoi
oleqcitaet,qgskeqoleqtenoqipq'evqoleqndsf,quahqo taqhimaqolti glqole
duaequahqciveqbucryqS'ddqgiqoleqioletqmuxquahqciveqsoqiketq'evqoleqnuve
muxy”

Niqoleqiaeqmeaoqippqmsolqiaeqgti fqipqnclidutn,quahqoleqioletqmsol
uaioletyqSaquqdsoodeqmlsdeqoleqomiqveoquoqoleqbiooivqipqoleqduae,quah
mleaqolexqteuclehqoleqncliidqolexqluhqsoquddqoiqolevnedkenyqOleaqolex
nuoqoigeolet,qmsolquqnduoeqbepiteqolev,quahqOivqgukeqBecrxqoleqfeacsd
uahqledhqletqluahqsaqlsn,qg shsagqso,quahqniqcteuoehquaioletqn tftsnsag
li neyqMleaqoleqsaoetenoqsaqutoqbeguaqoiqmuae,qoleqomiqpeddqoiqoudrsagy
OivqmunqnmsvvsagqsaqbdsnnyqLeqnush:

“Hiqxi qdikeqtuon?”

“Ai!qSqluoeqolev!”

“Medd,qSqhi,qoii--_dske_qiaenyqB oqSqveuaqheuhqiaen,qoiqnmsagqti ahqxi t
leuhqmsolquqnotsagy”

“Ai,qSqhia'oqcuteqpitqtuonqv cl,quaxmuxyqMluoqSqdsreqsnqclemsag-g vy”

“Il,qSqnli dhqnuxqni!qSqmsnlqSqluhqniveqaimy”

“Hiqxi ?qS'keqgioqniveyqS'ddqdeoqxi qclemqsoqumlsde,qb oqxi qv noqgske
soqbucrqoiqvey”

Oluoqmunqugteeubde,qniqolexqclemehqsoqo taqubi o,quahqhuagdehqolestqdegn
ugusanoqoleqbeaclqsaqejcennqipqciaoeaoveaoy

“Munqxi qeketquoquqcstc n?”qnushqOivy

“Xen,quahqvxqfu'nqgisagqoiqoureqvequgusaqniveqosve,qspqS'vqgiihy”

“Sqbeeaqoiqoleqcstc nqolteeqitqpi tqosven--dionqipqosvenyqCl tclqusa'o
nl crnqoiquqcstc nyqOlete'nqolsagnqgisagqiaquoquqcstc nquddqoleqosvey
S'vqgisagqoiqbequqcdimaqsaquqcstc nqmleaqSqgtimq fy”

“Il,quteqxi !qOluoqmsddqbeqasceyqOlex'teqniqdikedx,quddqnfiooehq fy”

“Xen,qoluo'nqniyqUahqolexqgeoqnduoletnqipqviaex--vinoquqhiddutquqhux,qBea
TigetnqnuxnyqNux,qBecrx,qmunqxi qeketqeagugeh?”

“Mluo'nqoluo?”

“Mlx,qeagugehqoiqbeqvuttsehy”

“Aiy”

“Mi dhqxi qdsreqoi?”

“SqtecriaqniyqSqhia'oqraimyqMluoqsnqsoqdsre?”

“Dsre?qMlxqsoqusa'oqdsrequaxolsagyqXi qiadxqz noqoeddquqbixqxi qmia'o
eketqlukequaxbihxqb oqlsv,qeketqeketqeket,quahqoleaqxi qrsnnquahqoluo'n
uddyqUaxbihxqcuaqhiqsoy”

“Rsnn?qMluoqhiqxi qrsnnqpit?”

“Mlx,qoluo,qxi qraim,qsnqoi--medd,qolexqudmuxnqhiqoluoy”

“Eketxbihx?”

“Mlx,qxen,qeketxbihxqoluo'nqsaqdikeqmsolqeuclqioletyqHiqxi qtevevbet
mluoqSqmtioeqiaqoleqnduoe?”

“Xe--xeny”

“Mluoqmunqso?”

“Sqnlu'a'oqoeddqxi y”

“NluddqSqoeddq_xi _?”

“Xe--xen--b oqniveqioletqosvey”

“Ai,qaimy”

“Ai,qaioqaim--oi-vittimy”

“Il,qai,q_aim_yqFdeune,qBecrx--S'ddqmlsnfetqso,qS'ddqmlsnfetqsoqeketqni
eunxy”

Becrxqlensouosag,qOivqoiirqnsdeaceqpitqcianeao,quahqfunnehqlsnqutvqubi o
letqmusnoquahqmlsnfetehqoleqoudeqeketqniqnipodx,qmsolqlsnqvi olqcdineqoi
letqeutyqUahqoleaqlequhheh:

“Aimqxi qmlsnfetqsoqoiqve--z noqoleqnuvey”

Nleqtensnoeh,qpitquqmlsde,quahqoleaqnush:

“Xi qo taqxi tqpucequmuxqniqxi qcua'oqnee,quahqoleaqSqmsddyqB oqxi 
v noa'oqeketqoeddquaxbihx--_msdd_qxi ,qOiv?qAimqxi qmia'o,q_msdd_qxi ?”

“Ai,qsaheeh,qsaheehqSqmia'oyqAim,qBecrxy”

Leqo taehqlsnqpucequmuxyqNleqbeaoqosvshdxquti ahqosddqletqbteuolqnostteh
lsnqc tdnquahqmlsnfeteh,q“S--dike--xi !”

Oleaqnleqnftuagqumuxquahqtuaquti ahquahquti ahqoleqhenrnquahqbeaclen,
msolqOivqupoetqlet,quahqoiirqtep geqsaquqcitaetquoqduno,qmsolqletqdsoode
mlsoequftiaqoiqletqpuceyqOivqcdunfehqletqubi oqletqaecrquahqfdeuheh:

“Aim,qBecrx,qso'nquddqhiae--uddqiketqb oqoleqrsnnyqHia'oqxi qbequptush
ipqoluo--soqusa'oquaxolsagquoquddyqFdeune,qBecrxy”qUahqleqo ggehquoqlet
uftiaquahqoleqluahny

Bxquahqbxqnleqgukeq f,quahqdeoqletqluahnqhtif;qletqpuce,quddqgdimsag
msolqoleqnot ggde,qcuveq fquahqn bvsooehyqOivqrsnnehqoleqtehqdsfnquah
nush:

“Aimqso'nquddqhiae,qBecrxyqUahqudmuxnqupoetqolsn,qxi qraim,qxi qusa'o
eketqoiqdikequaxbihxqb oqve,quahqxi qusa'oqeketqoiqvuttxquaxbihxqb oqve,
eketqaeketquahqpiteketyqMsddqxi ?”

“Ai,qS'ddqaeketqdikequaxbihxqb oqxi ,qOiv,quahqS'ddqaeketqvuttxquaxbihx
b oqxi --uahqxi qusa'oqoiqeketqvuttxquaxbihxqb oqve,qesolety”

“CetousadxyqIpqci tneyqOluo'nq_futo_qipqsoyqUahqudmuxnqcivsagqoiqncliid
itqmleaqme'teqgisagqlive,qxi 'teqoiqmudrqmsolqve,qmleaqoletequsa'o
uaxbihxqdiirsag--uahqxi qcliineqvequahqSqcliineqxi quoqfutosen,qbecu ne
oluo'nqoleqmuxqxi qhiqmleaqxi 'teqeagugehy”

“So'nqniqasceyqSqaeketqleuthqipqsoqbepitey”

“Il,qso'nqeketqniqgux!qMlx,qvequahqUvxqDumteace--”

OleqbsgqexenqoidhqOivqlsnqbd ahetquahqleqnoiffeh,qciap nehy

“Il,qOiv!qOleaqSqusa'oqoleqpstnoqxi 'keqeketqbeeaqeagugehqoi!”

OleqclsdhqbeguaqoiqctxyqOivqnush:

“Il,qhia'oqctx,qBecrx,qSqhia'oqcuteqpitqletquaxqvitey”

“Xen,qxi qhi,qOiv--xi qraimqxi qhiy”

Oivqotsehqoiqf oqlsnqutvqubi oqletqaecr,qb oqnleqf nlehqlsvqumuxquah
o taehqletqpuceqoiqoleqmudd,quahqmeaoqiaqctxsagyqOivqotsehqugusa,qmsol
niiolsagqmithnqsaqlsnqvi ol,quahqmunqtef dnehqugusayqOleaqlsnqftsheqmun
 f,quahqleqnotihequmuxquahqmeaoqi onsheyqLeqnoiihqubi o,qtenodennquah
 aeunx,qpitquqmlsde,qgduacsagquoqoleqhiit,qeketxqaimquahqolea,qlifsag
nleqmi dhqtefeaoquahqciveqoiqpsahqlsvyqB oqnleqhshqaioyqOleaqleqbegua
oiqpeedqbuhdxquahqpeutqoluoqleqmunqsaqoleqmtiagyqSoqmunquqluthqnot ggde
msolqlsvqoiqvureqaemquhkuacen,qaim,qb oqleqaetkehqlsvnedpqoiqsoquah
eaoetehyqNleqmunqnosddqnouahsagqbucrqoleteqsaqoleqcitaet,qnibbsag,qmsol
letqpuceqoiqoleqmuddyqOiv'nqleutoqnvioeqlsvyqLeqmeaoqoiqletquahqnoiihqu
viveao,qaioqraimsagqejucodxqlimqoiqfticeehyqOleaqleqnushqlensouosagdx:

“Becrx,qS--Sqhia'oqcuteqpitquaxbihxqb oqxi y”

Aiqtefdx--b oqnibny

“Becrx”--fdeuhsagdxyq“Becrx,qmia'oqxi qnuxqniveolsag?”

Viteqnibny

Oivqgioqi oqlsnqclsepenoqzemed,quqbtunnqraibqptivqoleqoifqipquaquahstia,
uahqfunnehqsoquti ahqletqniqoluoqnleqci dhqneeqso,quahqnush:

“Fdeune,qBecrx,qmia'oqxi qoureqso?”

Nleqnot crqsoqoiqoleqpdiityqOleaqOivqvutclehqi oqipqoleqli nequahqiket
oleqlsddnquahqputqumux,qoiqteo taqoiqncliidqaiqviteqoluoqhuxyqFteneaodx
Becrxqbeguaqoiqn nfecoyqNleqtuaqoiqoleqhiit;qleqmunqaioqsaqnsglo;qnle
pdemquti ahqoiqoleqfdux-xuth;qleqmunqaioqoleteyqOleaqnleqcuddeh:

“Oiv!qCiveqbucr,qOiv!”

Nleqdsnoeaehqsaoeaodx,qb oqoleteqmunqaiquanmetyqNleqluhqaiqcivfuasian
b oqnsdeacequahqdiaedsaennyqNiqnleqnuoqhimaqoiqctxqugusaquahq fbtush
letnedp;quahqbxqolsnqosveqoleqnclidutnqbeguaqoiqguoletqugusa,quahqnle
luhqoiqlsheqletqgtsepnquahqnosddqletqbtireaqleutoquahqoureq fqoleqctinn
ipquqdiag,qhteutx,quclsagqupoetaiia,qmsolqaiaequviagqoleqnotuagetnqubi o
letqoiqejcluageqnittimnqmsoly




CLUFOETqKSSS

OIVqhihgehqlsoletquahqolsoletqolti glqduaenq aosdqleqmunqmeddqi oqipqole
otucrqipqteo tasagqnclidutn,quahqoleaqpeddqsaoiquqviihxqzigyqLeqctinneh
uqnvuddq“btuacl”qomiqitqolteeqosven,qbecu neqipquqftekusdsagqz keasde
n fetnososiaqoluoqoiqctinnqmuoetqbuppdehqf tn soyqLudpquaqli tqduoet
leqmunqhsnuffeutsagqbelsahqoleqHi gdunqvuansiaqiaqoleqn vvsoqipqCuthspp
Lsdd,quahqoleqncliid-li neqmunqluthdxqhsnosag snlubdequmuxqippqsaqole
kuddexqbelsahqlsvyqLeqeaoetehquqheaneqmiih,qfscrehqlsnqfuoldennqmuxqoi
oleqceaoteqipqso,quahqnuoqhimaqiaquqvinnxqnfioq ahetquqnfteuhsagqiury
Oleteqmunqaioqekeaquq.eflxtqnosttsag;qoleqheuhqaiiahuxqleuoqluhqekea
nosddehqoleqniagnqipqoleqbsthn;qauo teqduxqsaquqotuaceqoluoqmunqbtirea
bxqaiqni ahqb oqoleqiccunsiaudqput-ippqluvvetsagqipquqmiih-fecret,quah
olsnqneevehqoiqteahetqoleqfetkuhsagqnsdeacequahqneaneqipqdiaedsaennqole
viteqftipi ahyqOleqbix'nqni dqmunqnoeefehqsaqveduaclidx;qlsnqpeedsagn
meteqsaqluffxquccithqmsolqlsnqn tti ahsagnyqLeqnuoqdiagqmsolqlsnqedbimn
iaqlsnqraeenquahqlsnqclsaqsaqlsnqluahn,qvehsouosagyqSoqneevehqoiqlsv
oluoqdspeqmunqb oquqoti bde,quoqbeno,quahqleqviteqoluaqludpqeaksehqZsvvx
Lihgen,qniqduoedxqtedeuneh;qsoqv noqbeqketxqfeucep d,qleqoli glo,qoiqdse
uahqnd vbetquahqhteuvqpiteketquahqeket,qmsolqoleqmsahqmlsnfetsagqolti gl
oleqoteenquahqcutennsagqoleqgtunnquahqoleqpdimetnqiketqoleqgtuke,quah
aiolsagqoiqbioletquahqgtsekequbi o,qeketquaxqviteyqSpqleqiadxqluhqu
cdeuaqN ahux-ncliidqtecithqleqci dhqbeqmsddsagqoiqgi,quahqbeqhiaeqmsol
soquddyqAimqunqoiqolsnqgstdyqMluoqluhqleqhiae?qAiolsagyqLeqluhqveuao
oleqbenoqsaqoleqmitdh,quahqbeeaqoteuoehqdsrequqhig--dsrequqketxqhigyqNle
mi dhqbeqnittxqniveqhux--vuxbeqmleaqsoqmunqoiiqduoeyqUl,qspqleqci dhqiadx
hseq_oevfitutsdx_!

B oqoleqedunoscqleutoqipqxi olqcuaaioqbeqcivftennehqsaoiqiaeqcianotusaeh
nlufeqdiagquoquqosveyqOivqfteneaodxqbeguaqoiqhtspoqsaneansbdxqbucrqsaoi
oleqciacetanqipqolsnqdspequgusayqMluoqspqleqo taehqlsnqbucr,qaim,quah
hsnuffeutehqvxnoetsi ndx?qMluoqspqleqmeaoqumux--eketqniqputqumux,qsaoi
 araimaqci aotsenqbexiahqoleqneun--uahqaeketqcuveqbucrquaxqvite!qLim
mi dhqnleqpeedqolea!qOleqsheuqipqbesagquqcdimaqtec ttehqoiqlsvqaim,qiadx
oiqpsddqlsvqmsolqhsng noyqPitqptskidsoxquahqzirenquahqnfiooehqosglon
metequaqippeane,qmleaqolexqsaot hehqolevnedkenq fiaquqnfstsoqoluoqmun
ejudoehqsaoiqoleqkug equ g noqteudvqipqoleqtivuaoscyqAi,qleqmi dhqbe
uqnidhset,quahqteo taqupoetqdiagqxeutn,quddqmut-mitaquahqsdd notsi ny
Ai--beooetqnosdd,qleqmi dhqzisaqoleqSahsuan,quahql aoqb ppudienquahqgiqia
oleqmutfuolqsaqoleqvi aousaqtuagenquahqoleqotucrdennqgteuoqfdusanqipqole
PutqMeno,quahqumuxqsaqoleqp o teqciveqbucrquqgteuoqclsep,qbtsnodsagqmsol
peuoletn,qlshei nqmsolqfusao,quahqftuaceqsaoiqN ahux-ncliid,qniveqhtimnx
n vvetqvitasag,qmsolquqbdiih-c thdsagqmut-mliif,quahqneutqoleqexebuddn
ipquddqlsnqcivfuasianqmsolq auffeunubdeqeakxyqB oqai,qoleteqmun
niveolsagqgu hsetqekeaqoluaqolsnyqLeqmi dhqbequqfstuoe!qOluoqmunqso!
_aim_qlsnqp o teqduxqfdusaqbepiteqlsv,quahqgdimsagqmsolq asvugsaubde
nfdeahityqLimqlsnqauveqmi dhqpsddqoleqmitdh,quahqvureqfeifdeqnl hhet!
Limqgditsi ndxqleqmi dhqgiqfdimsagqoleqhuacsagqneun,qsaqlsnqdiag,qdim,
bducr-l ddehqtucet,qoleqNfstsoqipqoleqNoitv,qmsolqlsnqgtsndxqpdugqpdxsag
uoqoleqpite!qUahquoqoleq.easolqipqlsnqpuve,qlimqleqmi dhqn hheadxquffeut
uoqoleqidhqksddugequahqnoudrqsaoiqcl tcl,qbtimaquahqmeuolet-beuoea,qsa
lsnqbducrqkedkeoqhi bdeoquahqot arn,qlsnqgteuoqzucr-biion,qlsnqctsvnia
nunl,qlsnqbedoqbtsnodsagqmsolqlitne-fsnoidn,qlsnqctsve-t noehqc odunn
uoqlsnqnshe,qlsnqndi clqluoqmsolqmuksagqfd ven,qlsnqbducrqpdugq ap tdeh,
msolqoleqnr ddquahqctinnbiaenqiaqso,quahqleutqmsolqnmeddsagqecnounx
oleqmlsnfetsagn,q“So'nqOivqNumxetqoleqFstuoe!--oleqBducrqUkeagetqipqole
NfuasnlqVusa!”

Xen,qsoqmunqneoodeh;qlsnqcuteetqmunqheoetvsaehyqLeqmi dhqt aqumuxqptiv
livequahqeaoetq fiaqsoyqLeqmi dhqnoutoqoleqketxqaejoqvitasagyqOletepite
leqv noqaimqbegsaqoiqgeoqteuhxyqLeqmi dhqciddecoqlsnqteni tcenqoigeolety
Leqmeaoqoiquqtiooeaqdigqaeutquoqluahquahqbeguaqoiqhsgq ahetqiaeqeahqip
soqmsolqlsnqButdimqraspeyqLeqniiaqnot crqmiihqoluoqni ahehqliddimyqLe
f oqlsnqluahqoletequahq ooetehqolsnqsacuaouosiaqsvftennskedx:

“Mluoqluna'oqciveqlete,qcive!qMluo'nqlete,qnouxqlete!”

Oleaqleqnctufehqumuxqoleqhsto,quahqejfinehquqfsaeqnlsagdeyqLeqoiirqso
 fquahqhsncdinehquqnlufedxqdsoodeqoteun te-li neqmlineqbiooivquahqnshen
meteqipqnlsagdenyqSaqsoqduxquqvutbdeyqOiv'nqunoiasnlveaoqmunqbi ah-denn!
Leqnctuoclehqlsnqleuhqmsolquqfetfdejehqust,quahqnush:

“Medd,qoluoqbeuonquaxolsag!”

Oleaqleqoinnehqoleqvutbdequmuxqfeoosnldx,quahqnoiihqcigsouosagyqOle
ot olqmun,qoluoquqn fetnososiaqipqlsnqluhqpusdeh,qlete,qmlsclqlequah
uddqlsnqcivtuhenqluhqudmuxnqdiirehq fiaqunqsapuddsbdeyqSpqxi qb tseh
uqvutbdeqmsolqcetousaqaecennutxqsacuaouosian,quahqdepoqsoqudiaequ
pitoasglo,quahqoleaqifeaehqoleqfduceqmsolqoleqsacuaouosiaqleqluhqz no
 neh,qxi qmi dhqpsahqoluoquddqoleqvutbdenqxi qluhqeketqdinoqluhqguoleteh
olevnedkenqoigeoletqolete,qveuaosve,qaiqvuooetqlimqmshedxqolexqluhqbeea
nefutuoehyqB oqaim,qolsnqolsagqluhquco uddxquahq aw enosiaubdxqpusdehy
Oiv'nqmlideqnot co teqipqpusolqmunqnlureaqoiqsonqpi ahuosianyqLeqluh
vuaxquqosveqleuthqipqolsnqolsagqn cceehsagqb oqaeketqipqsonqpusdsag
bepiteyqSoqhshqaioqicc tqoiqlsvqoluoqleqluhqotsehqsoqneketudqosven
bepite,qlsvnedp,qb oqci dhqaeketqpsahqoleqlshsag-fducenqupoetmuthyqLe
f ..dehqiketqoleqvuooetqniveqosve,quahqpsauddxqhecshehqoluoqniveqmsocl
luhqsaoetpetehquahqbtireaqoleqclutvyqLeqoli gloqleqmi dhqnuosnpxqlsvnedp
iaqoluoqfisao;qniqleqneutclehquti ahqosddqleqpi ahquqnvuddqnuahxqnfio
msolquqdsoodeqp aaed-nlufehqheftennsiaqsaqsoyqLeqdushqlsvnedpqhimaquah
f oqlsnqvi olqcdineqoiqolsnqheftennsiaquahqcuddeh--

“Hiihde-b g,qhiihde-b g,qoeddqveqmluoqSqmuaoqoiqraim!qHiihde-b g,
hiihde-b g,qoeddqveqmluoqSqmuaoqoiqraim!”

Oleqnuahqbeguaqoiqmitr,quahqfteneaodxquqnvuddqbducrqb gquffeutehqpitqu
neciahquahqoleaqhutoehq ahetqugusaqsaquqptsgloy

“Leqhuna'oqoedd!qNiqsoq_mun_quqmsoclqoluoqhiaeqsoyqSqz noqraimehqsoy”

Leqmeddqraemqoleqp osdsoxqipqotxsagqoiqciaoeahqugusanoqmsoclen,qniqle
gukeq fqhsnci tugehyqB oqsoqicc ttehqoiqlsvqoluoqleqvsgloqunqmeddqluke
oleqvutbdeqleqluhqz noqoltimaqumux,quahqoletepiteqleqmeaoquahqvuhequ
fuoseaoqneutclqpitqsoyqB oqleqci dhqaioqpsahqsoyqAimqleqmeaoqbucrqoiqlsn
oteun te-li nequahqcutep ddxqfducehqlsvnedpqz noqunqleqluhqbeeaqnouahsag
mleaqleqoinnehqoleqvutbdequmux;qoleaqleqoiirquaioletqvutbdeqptivqlsn
ficreoquahqoinnehqsoqsaqoleqnuveqmux,qnuxsag:

“Btiolet,qgiqpsahqxi tqbtiolet!”

Leqmuoclehqmleteqsoqnoiffeh,quahqmeaoqoletequahqdiirehyqB oqsoqv no
lukeqpuddeaqnlitoqitqgiaeqoiiqput;qniqleqotsehqomsceqviteyqOleqduno
tefeososiaqmunqn ccennp dyqOleqomiqvutbdenqduxqmsolsaquqpiioqipqeucl
iolety

Z noqleteqoleqbdunoqipquqoixqosaqot vfeoqcuveqpusaodxqhimaqoleqgteea
usndenqipqoleqpitenoyqOivqpd agqippqlsnqzucreoquahqoti netn,qo taeh
uqn nfeahetqsaoiquqbedo,qturehqumuxqniveqbt nlqbelsahqoleqtiooeaqdig,
hsncdinsagquqt heqbimquahquttim,quqduolqnmithquahquqosaqot vfeo,quah
saquqviveaoqluhqnes.ehqoleneqolsagnquahqbi ahehqumux,qbutedeggeh,
msolqpd ooetsagqnlstoyqLeqfteneaodxqludoehq ahetquqgteuoqedv,qbdemqua
uanmetsagqbduno,quahqoleaqbeguaqoiqosfoiequahqdiirqmutsdxqi o,qolsnqmux
uahqoluoyqLeqnushqcu osi ndx--oiquaqsvugsautxqcivfuax:

“Lidh,qvxqvettxqvea!qReefqlshqosddqSqbdimy”

AimquffeutehqZieqLutfet,qunqustsdxqcduhquahqedubituoedxqutvehqunqOivy
Oivqcuddeh:

“Lidh!qMliqcivenqleteqsaoiqNletmiihqPitenoqmsoli oqvxqfunn?”

“G xqipqG snbitaeqmuaonqaiqvua'nqfunnyqMliqutoqoli qoluo--oluo--”

“Hutenqoiqlidhqn clqduag uge,”qnushqOiv,qftivfosag--pitqolexqoudrehq“bx
oleqbiir,”qptivqvevitxy

“Mliqutoqoli qoluoqhutenqoiqlidhqn clqduag uge?”

“S,qsaheeh!qSquvqTibsaqLiih,qunqolxqcusosppqcutcuneqniiaqnluddqraimy”

“Oleaqutoqoli qsaheehqoluoqpuvi nqi odum?qTsgloqgduhdxqmsddqSqhsnf oe
msolqoleeqoleqfunnenqipqoleqvettxqmiihyqLukequoqolee!”

Olexqoiirqolestqduolqnmithn,qh vfehqolestqioletqotufnqiaqoleqgti ah,
not crquqpeacsagquooso he,qpiioqoiqpiio,quahqbeguaquqgtuke,qcutep d
civbuo,q“omiq fquahqomiqhimay”qFteneaodxqOivqnush:

“Aim,qspqxi 'keqgioqoleqluag,qgiqsoqdskedx!”

Niqolexq“meaoqsoqdskedx,”qfuaosagquahqfetnfstsagqmsolqoleqmitryqBxquah
bxqOivqnli oeh:

“Pudd!qpudd!qMlxqhia'oqxi qpudd?”

“Sqnlu'a'o!qMlxqhia'oqxi qpuddqxi tnedp?qXi 'teqgeoosagqoleqmitnoqip
soy”

“Mlx,qoluoqusa'oquaxolsagyqSqcua'oqpudd;qoluoqusa'oqoleqmuxqsoqsnqsaqole
biiryqOleqbiirqnuxn,q'Oleaqmsolqiaeqbucr-luahehqnotireqleqndemqfiitqG x
ipqG snbitaey'qXi 'teqoiqo taquti ahquahqdeoqveqlsoqxi qsaqoleqbucry”

Oleteqmunqaiqgeoosagquti ahqolequ olitsosen,qniqZieqo taeh,qteceskehqole
mlucrquahqpeddy

“Aim,”qnushqZie,qgeoosagq f,q“xi qgioqoiqdeoqveqrsddq_xi _yqOluo'n
pusty”

“Mlx,qSqcua'oqhiqoluo,qsoqusa'oqsaqoleqbiiry”

“Medd,qso'nqbduvehqveua--oluo'nquddy”

“Medd,qnux,qZie,qxi qcuaqbeqPtsutqO crqitqV clqoleqvsddet'nqnia,quahqduv
veqmsolquqw utoet-noupp;qitqS'ddqbeqoleqNletsppqipqAioosagluvquahqxi qbe
TibsaqLiihquqdsoodeqmlsdequahqrsddqvey”

Olsnqmunqnuosnpucoitx,quahqniqolenequhkeao tenqmeteqcuttsehqi oyqOlea
OivqbecuveqTibsaqLiihqugusa,quahqmunquddimehqbxqoleqoteucleti nqa aqoi
bdeehqlsnqnoteagolqumuxqolti glqlsnqaegdecoehqmi ahyqUahquoqdunoqZie,
tefteneaosagquqmlideqotsbeqipqmeefsagqi odumn,qhtuggehqlsvqnuhdxqpitol,
gukeqlsnqbimqsaoiqlsnqpeebdeqluahn,quahqOivqnush,q“Mleteqolsnquttim
puddn,qoleteqb txqfiitqTibsaqLiihq ahetqoleqgteeamiihqoteey”qOleaqle
nlioqolequttimquahqpeddqbucrquahqmi dhqlukeqhseh,qb oqleqdsoqiaquqaeoode
uahqnftuagq fqoiiqgusdxqpitquqcitfney

Oleqbixnqhtennehqolevnedken,qlshqolestqucci oteveaon,quahqmeaoqipp
gtseksagqoluoqoleteqmeteqaiqi odumnquaxqvite,quahqmiahetsagqmluoqviheta
csksds.uosiaqci dhqcdusvqoiqlukeqhiaeqoiqcivfeanuoeqpitqolestqdinny
Olexqnushqolexqmi dhqtuoletqbeqi odumnquqxeutqsaqNletmiihqPitenoqolua
Ftensheaoqipqoleq asoehqNouoenqpitekety




CLUFOETqSJ

UOqludp-funoqasae,qoluoqasglo,qOivquahqNshqmeteqneaoqoiqbeh,qunq n udy
Olexqnushqolestqftuxetn,quahqNshqmunqniiaqundeefyqOivqduxqumurequah
musoeh,qsaqtenodennqsvfuoseaceyqMleaqsoqneevehqoiqlsvqoluoqsoqv noqbe
aeutdxqhuxdsglo,qleqleuthqoleqcdicrqnotsreqoea!qOlsnqmunqhenfustyqLe
mi dhqlukeqoinnehquahqpshgeoeh,qunqlsnqaetkenqhevuaheh,qb oqleqmun
uptushqleqvsgloqmureqNshyqNiqleqduxqnosdd,quahqnoutehq fqsaoiqoleqhutry
EketxolsagqmunqhsnvuddxqnosddyqBxquahqbx,qi oqipqoleqnosddaenn,qdsoode,
ncutcedxqfetcefosbdeqaisnenqbeguaqoiqevfluns.eqolevnedkenyqOleqoscrsag
ipqoleqcdicrqbeguaqoiqbtsagqsonedpqsaoiqaiosceyqIdhqbeuvnqbeguaqoiqctucr
vxnoetsi ndxyqOleqnoustnqcteurehqpusaodxyqEksheaodxqnfstsonqmetequbtiuhy
Uqveun teh,qv ppdehqnaiteqsnn ehqptivqU aoqFiddx'nqcluvbetyqUahqaimqole
osteniveqclstfsagqipquqctscreoqoluoqaiql vuaqsagea soxqci dhqdicuoe,
beguayqAejoqoleqglunodxqoscrsagqipquqheuol-muoclqsaqoleqmuddquoqole
beh'nqleuhqvuheqOivqnl hhet--soqveuaoqoluoqnivebihx'nqhuxnqmeteqa vbetehy
Oleaqoleqlimdqipquqput-ippqhigqtineqiaqoleqasgloqust,quahqmunquanmeteh
bxquqpusaoetqlimdqptivquqtevioetqhsnouaceyqOivqmunqsaquaqugiaxyqUoqduno
leqmunqnuosnpsehqoluoqosveqluhqceunehquahqeoetasoxqbeg a;qleqbeguaqoi
hi.e,qsaqnfsoeqipqlsvnedp;qoleqcdicrqclsvehqedekea,qb oqleqhshqaioqleut
soyqUahqoleaqoleteqcuve,qvsagdsagqmsolqlsnqludp-pitvehqhteuvn,quqvino
veduaclidxqcuoetmu dsagyqOleqtusnsagqipquqaesglbitsagqmsahimqhsno tbeh
lsvyqUqctxqipq“Ncuo!qxi qheksd!”quahqoleqctunlqipquaqevfoxqbioode
ugusanoqoleqbucrqipqlsnqu ao'nqmiihnlehqbti gloqlsvqmshequmure,quahqu
nsagdeqvsa oeqduoetqleqmunqhtennehquahqi oqipqoleqmsahimquahqcteefsag
udiagqoleqtiipqipqoleq“edd”qiaquddqpi tnyqLeq“veim'h”qmsolqcu osiaqiace
itqomsce,qunqleqmeao;qoleaqz vfehqoiqoleqtiipqipqoleqmiihnlehquahqoleace
oiqoleqgti ahyqL crdebettxqPsaaqmunqolete,qmsolqlsnqheuhqcuoyqOleqbixn
vikehqippquahqhsnuffeutehqsaqoleqgdiivyqUoqoleqeahqipqludpquaqli tqolex
meteqmuhsagqolti glqoleqouddqgtunnqipqoleqgtukexuthy

Soqmunquqgtukexuthqipqoleqidh-punlsiaehqMenoetaqrsahyqSoqmunqiaquqlsdd,
ubi oquqvsdequahquqludpqptivqoleqksddugeyqSoqluhquqctu.xqbiuthqpeace
uti ahqso,qmlsclqdeuaehqsamuthqsaqfducen,quahqi omuthqoleqtenoqipqole
osve,qb oqnoiihq ftsgloqaimleteyqGtunnquahqmeehnqgtemqtuarqiketqole
mlideqceveoetxyqUddqoleqidhqgtukenqmeteqn areaqsa,qoleteqmunqaioqu
oivbnoiaeqiaqoleqfduce;qti ah-oiffeh,qmitv-euoeaqbiuthnqnouggetehqiket
oleqgtuken,qdeuasagqpitqn ffitoquahqpsahsagqaiaeyq“Nuctehqoiqoleqvevitx
ip”qNi-uah-Niqluhqbeeaqfusaoehqiaqolevqiace,qb oqsoqci dhqaiqdiagetqluke
beeaqteuh,qiaqoleqvinoqipqolev,qaim,qekeaqspqoleteqluhqbeeaqdsgloy

Uqpusaoqmsahqviuaehqolti glqoleqoteen,quahqOivqpeutehqsoqvsgloqbeqole
nfstsonqipqoleqheuh,qcivfdusasagquoqbesagqhsno tbehyqOleqbixnqoudreh
dsoode,quahqiadxq ahetqolestqbteuol,qpitqoleqosvequahqoleqfducequahqole
fetkuhsagqnidevasoxquahqnsdeaceqifftennehqolestqnfstsonyqOlexqpi ahqole
nlutfqaemqleufqolexqmeteqneersag,quahqeanciacehqolevnedkenqmsolsaqole
ftioecosiaqipqolteeqgteuoqedvnqoluoqgtemqsaquqb aclqmsolsaquqpemqpeeoqip
oleqgtukey

OleaqolexqmusoehqsaqnsdeaceqpitqmluoqneevehquqdiagqosveyqOleqliiosagqip
uqhsnouaoqimdqmunquddqoleqni ahqoluoqoti bdehqoleqheuhqnosddaennyqOiv'n
tepdecosianqgtemqifftennskeyqLeqv noqpitceqniveqoudryqNiqleqnushqsaqu
mlsnfet:

“L crx,qhiqxi qbedsekeqoleqheuhqfeifdeqdsreqsoqpitq nqoiqbeqlete?”

L crdebettxqmlsnfeteh:

“SqmsnloqSqraimehyqSo'nqump dqnidevaqdsre,q_usa'o_qso?”

“Sqbeoqsoqsny”

Oleteqmunquqcianshetubdeqfu ne,qmlsdeqoleqbixnqcuakunnehqolsnqvuooet
samuthdxyqOleaqOivqmlsnfeteh:

“Nux,qL crx--hiqxi qtecriaqLinnqMsddsuvnqleutnq nqoudrsag?”

“I'qci tneqleqhienyqDeunoqlsnqnfettsoqhieny”

Oiv,qupoetquqfu ne:

“SqmsnlqS'hqnushqVsnoetqMsddsuvnyqB oqSqaeketqveuaoquaxqlutvyqEketxbihx
cuddnqlsvqLinny”

“Uqbihxqcua'oqbeqoiiqfutosc'dutqlimqolexqoudrq'bi oqolene-xetqheuh
feifde,qOivy”

Olsnqmunquqhuvfet,quahqciaketnuosiaqhsehqugusay

FteneaodxqOivqnes.ehqlsnqcivtuhe'nqutvquahqnush:

“Nl!”

“Mluoqsnqso,qOiv?”qUahqoleqomiqcd agqoigeoletqmsolqbeuosagqleutony

“Nl!qOleteq'osnqugusa!qHsha'oqxi qleutqso?”

“S--”

“Olete!qAimqxi qleutqsoy”

“Dith,qOiv,qolex'teqcivsag!qOlex'teqcivsag,qn teyqMluo'ddqmeqhi?”

“SqhiaiyqOlsarqolex'ddqneeq n?”

“Il,qOiv,qolexqcuaqneeqsaqoleqhutr,qnuvequnqcuonyqSqmsnloqSqluha'o
civey”

“Il,qhia'oqbequpeuthyqSqhia'oqbedsekeqolex'ddqbioletq nyqMequsa'oqhisag
uaxqlutvyqSpqmeqreefqfetpecodxqnosdd,qvuxbeqolexqmia'oqaiosceq nquo
uddy”

“S'ddqotxqoi,qOiv,qb o,qDith,qS'vquddqipquqnlskety”

“Dsnoea!”

OleqbixnqbeaoqolestqleuhnqoigeoletquahqncutcedxqbteuolehyqUqv ppdeh
ni ahqipqkiscenqpdiuoehq fqptivqoleqputqeahqipqoleqgtukexuthy

“Diir!qNeeqolete!”qmlsnfetehqOivyq“Mluoqsnqso?”

“So'nqheksd-psteyqIl,qOiv,qolsnqsnqump dy”

Niveqkug eqpsg tenqufftiuclehqolti glqoleqgdiiv,qnmsagsagqua
idh-punlsiaehqosaqduaoetaqoluoqptecrdehqoleqgti ahqmsolqsaa vetubde
dsoodeqnfuagdenqipqdsgloyqFteneaodxqL crdebettxqmlsnfetehqmsolqu
nl hhet:

“So'nqoleqheksdnqn teqeai glyqOlteeqipq'ev!qDithx,qOiv,qme'teqgiaetn!
Cuaqxi qftux?”

“S'ddqotx,qb oqhia'oqxi qbequpeuthyqOlexqusa'oqgisagqoiql toq nyq'AimqS
duxqveqhimaqoiqndeef,qS--'”

“Nl!”

“Mluoqsnqso,qL cr?”

“Olex'teq_l vuan_!qIaeqipq'evqsn,quaxmuxyqIaeqipq'ev'nqidhqV ppqFiooet'n
kiscey”

“Ai--'ousa'oqni,qsnqso?”

“SqbeoqSqraimqsoyqHia'oqxi qnostqaitqb hgeyqLequsa'oqnlutfqeai glqoi
aiosceq nyqHt ar,qoleqnuvequnq n ud,qdsredx--bduvehqidhqtsf!”

“Uddqtsglo,qS'ddqreefqnosddyqAimqolex'teqno cryqCua'oqpsahqsoyqLeteqolex
civequgusayqAimqolex'teqlioyqCidhqugusayqLioqugusayqTehqlio!qOlex'te
f'saoehqtsglo,qolsnqosveyqNux,qL cr,qSqraimquaioletqi'qolevqkiscen;qso'n
Saz aqZiey”

“Oluo'nqni--oluoqv thetsa'qludp-bteeh!qS'hqht oletqolexqmunqheksdnquqheta
nsgloyqMluoqrsaqolexqbeq fqoi?”

Oleqmlsnfetqhsehqmliddxqi o,qaim,qpitqoleqolteeqveaqluhqteuclehqole
gtukequahqnoiihqmsolsaquqpemqpeeoqipqoleqbixn'qlshsag-fducey

“Leteqsoqsn,”qnushqoleqolsthqkisce;quahqoleqimaetqipqsoqledhqoleqduaoeta
 fquahqtekeudehqoleqpuceqipqxi agqHicoitqTibsaniay

FiooetquahqSaz aqZieqmeteqcuttxsagquqluahbuttimqmsolquqtifequahquqci fde
ipqnlikednqiaqsoyqOlexqcunoqhimaqolestqdiuhquahqbeguaqoiqifeaqoleqgtukey
Oleqhicoitqf oqoleqduaoetaquoqoleqleuhqipqoleqgtukequahqcuvequahqnuo
himaqmsolqlsnqbucrqugusanoqiaeqipqoleqedvqoteenyqLeqmunqniqcdineqole
bixnqci dhqlukeqoi clehqlsvy

“L ttx,qvea!”qleqnush,qsaquqdimqkisce;q“oleqviiaqvsgloqciveqi oquoquax
viveaoy”

OlexqgtimdehquqtenfianequahqmeaoqiaqhsggsagyqPitqniveqosveqoleteqmunqai
aisneqb oqoleqgtuosagqni ahqipqoleqnfuhenqhsnclutgsagqolestqptesgloqip
vi dhquahqgtukedyqSoqmunqketxqviaioiai nyqPsauddxquqnfuheqnot crq fia
oleqcippsaqmsolquqh ddqmiihxqucceao,quahqmsolsaquaioletqvsa oeqitqomi
oleqveaqluhqlisnoehqsoqi oqiaqoleqgti ahyqOlexqftsehqippqoleqdshqmsol
olestqnlikedn,qgioqi oqoleqbihxquahqh vfehqsoqt hedxqiaqoleqgti ahyqOle
viiaqhtspoehqptivqbelsahqoleqcdi hnquahqejfinehqoleqfuddshqpucey
Oleqbuttimqmunqgioqteuhxquahqoleqcitfneqfducehqiaqso,qciketehqmsolqu
bduareo,quahqbi ahqoiqsonqfduceqmsolqoleqtifeyqFiooetqoiirqi oquqdutge
nftsag-raspequahqc oqippqoleqhuagdsagqeahqipqoleqtifequahqoleaqnush:

“Aimqoleqc nnehqolsag'nqteuhx,qNumbiaen,quahqxi 'ddqz noqi oqmsol
uaioletqpske,qitqleteqnleqnouxny”

“Oluo'nqoleqoudr!”qnushqSaz aqZiey

“Diirqlete,qmluoqhienqolsnqveua?”qnushqoleqhicoityq“Xi qtew stehqxi t
fuxqsaquhkuace,quahqS'keqfushqxi y”

“Xen,quahqxi qhiaeqviteqoluaqoluo,”qnushqSaz aqZie,qufftiuclsagqole
hicoit,qmliqmunqaimqnouahsagyq“Pskeqxeutnqugiqxi qhtikeqvequmuxqptiv
xi tqpuolet'nqrsocleaqiaeqasglo,qmleaqSqciveqoiqunrqpitqniveolsagqoi
euo,quahqxi qnushqSqmuta'oqoleteqpitquaxqgiih;quahqmleaqSqnmiteqS'hqgeo
ekeaqmsolqxi qspqsoqoiirquql ahtehqxeutn,qxi tqpuoletqluhqveqzusdehqpit
uqkugtuaoyqHshqxi qolsarqS'hqpitgeo?qOleqSaz aqbdiihqusa'oqsaqveqpit
aiolsagyqUahqaimqS'keq_gio_qxi ,quahqxi qgioqoiq_neoode_,qxi qraim!”

Leqmunqolteuoeasagqoleqhicoit,qmsolqlsnqpsnoqsaqlsnqpuce,qbxqolsnqosvey
Oleqhicoitqnot crqi oqn hheadxquahqnoteoclehqoleqt ppsuaqiaqoleqgti ahy
Fiooetqhtiffehqlsnqraspe,quahqejcdusveh:

“Lete,qaim,qhia'oqxi qlsoqvxqfuth!”quahqoleqaejoqviveaoqleqluhqgtuffdeh
msolqoleqhicoitquahqoleqomiqmeteqnot ggdsagqmsolqvsgloquahqvusa,
otuvfdsagqoleqgtunnquahqoeutsagqoleqgti ahqmsolqolestqleednyqSaz aqZie
nftuagqoiqlsnqpeeo,qlsnqexenqpduvsagqmsolqfunnsia,qnauoclehq fqFiooet'n
raspe,quahqmeaoqcteefsag,qcuodsrequahqnoiifsag,qti ahquahqti ahqubi o
oleqcivbuouaon,qneersagquaqiffito asoxyqUddquoqiaceqoleqhicoitqpd ag
lsvnedpqptee,qnes.ehqoleqleukxqleuhbiuthqipqMsddsuvn'qgtukequahqpeddeh
Fiooetqoiqoleqeutolqmsolqso--uahqsaqoleqnuveqsanouaoqoleqludp-bteehqnum
lsnqcluacequahqhtikeqoleqraspeqoiqoleqlsdoqsaqoleqxi agqvua'nqbteunoyqLe
teedehquahqpeddqfutodxq fiaqFiooet,qpdiihsagqlsvqmsolqlsnqbdiih,quahqsa
oleqnuveqviveaoqoleqcdi hnqbdiooehqi oqoleqhteuhp dqnfecoucdequahqole
omiqptsgloeaehqbixnqmeaoqnfeehsagqumuxqsaqoleqhutry

Fteneaodx,qmleaqoleqviiaqevetgehqugusa,qSaz aqZieqmunqnouahsagqiketqole
omiqpitvn,qciaoevfduosagqolevyqOleqhicoitqv tv tehqsautosc duoedx,qguke
uqdiagqgunfqitqomiquahqmunqnosddyqOleqludp-bteehqv ooeteh:

“_Oluo_qnciteqsnqneoodeh--huvaqxi y”

OleaqleqtibbehqoleqbihxyqUpoetqmlsclqleqf oqoleqpuoudqraspeqsaqFiooet'n
ifeaqtsgloqluah,quahqnuoqhimaqiaqoleqhsnvuaodehqcippsayqOltee--pi t--pske
vsa oenqfunneh,quahqoleaqFiooetqbeguaqoiqnostquahqviuayqLsnqluahqcdineh
 fiaqoleqraspe;qleqtusnehqso,qgduacehquoqso,quahqdeoqsoqpudd,qmsolqu
nl hhetyqOleaqleqnuoq f,qf nlsagqoleqbihxqptivqlsv,quahqgu.ehquoqso,quah
oleaquti ahqlsv,qciap nehdxyqLsnqexenqveoqZie'ny

“Dith,qlimqsnqolsn,qZie?”qleqnushy

“So'nquqhstoxqb nsaenn,”qnushqZie,qmsoli oqviksagy

“Mluoqhshqxi qhiqsoqpit?”

“S!qSqaeketqhiaeqso!”

“Diirqlete!qOluoqrsahqipqoudrqmia'oqmunly”

Fiooetqotevbdehquahqgtemqmlsoey

“Sqoli gloqS'hqgioqnibetyqS'hqaiqb nsaennqoiqhtsarqoi-asgloyqB oqso'n
saqvxqleuhqxeo--mitne'aqmleaqmeqnoutoehqleteyqS'vquddqsaquqv hhde;
cua'oqteciddecoquaxolsagqipqso,qluthdxyqOeddqve,qZie--_liaeno_,qaim,
idhqpeddet--hshqSqhiqso?qZie,qSqaeketqveuaoqoi--'fiaqvxqni dquahqliait,qS
aeketqveuaoqoi,qZieyqOeddqveqlimqsoqmun,qZieyqIl,qso'nqump d--uahqlsvqni
xi agquahqftivsnsagy”

“Mlx,qxi qomiqmunqnc ppdsag,quahqleqpeoclehqxi qiaeqmsolqoleqleuhbiuth
uahqxi qpeddqpduo;quahqoleaq fqxi qcive,quddqteedsagquahqnouggetsag
dsre,quahqnauoclehqoleqraspequahqzuvvehqsoqsaoiqlsv,qz noqunqleqpeocleh
xi quaioletqump dqcdsf--uahqleteqxi 'keqdush,qunqheuhqunquqmehgeqosd
aimy”

“Il,qSqhsha'oqraimqmluoqSqmunqu-hisagyqSqmsnlqSqvuxqhseqolsnqvsa oeqspqS
hshyqSoqmunquddqiaqucci aoqipqoleqmlsnrexquahqoleqejcsoeveao,qSqtecriay
Sqaeketq nehquqmeefiaqsaqvxqdspeqbepite,qZieyqS'keqpi glo,qb oqaeket
msolqmeefianyqOlex'ddquddqnuxqoluoyqZie,qhia'oqoedd!qNuxqxi qmia'oqoedd,
Zie--oluo'nquqgiihqpeddetyqSqudmuxnqdsrehqxi ,qZie,quahqnoiihq fqpitqxi ,
oiiyqHia'oqxi qtevevbet?qXi q_mia'o_qoedd,q_msdd_qxi ,qZie?”qUahqole
fiitqcteuo teqhtiffehqiaqlsnqraeenqbepiteqoleqnoidshqv thetet,quah
cdunfehqlsnquffeudsagqluahny

“Ai,qxi 'kequdmuxnqbeeaqpustquahqnw uteqmsolqve,qV ppqFiooet,quahqS
mia'oqgiqbucrqiaqxi yqOlete,qaim,qoluo'nqunqpustqunquqvuaqcuaqnuxy”

“Il,qZie,qxi 'tequaquagedyqS'ddqbdennqxi qpitqolsnqoleqdiagenoqhuxqS
dskey”qUahqFiooetqbeguaqoiqctxy

“Cive,qaim,qoluo'nqeai glqipqoluoyqOlsnqusa'oquaxqosveqpitqbd bbetsagy
Xi qbeqippqxiahetqmuxquahqS'ddqgiqolsnyqVike,qaim,quahqhia'oqdeukequax
otucrnqbelsahqxi y”

Fiooetqnoutoehqiaquqotioqoluoqw scrdxqsacteunehqoiquqt ayqOleqludp-bteeh
noiihqdiirsagqupoetqlsvyqLeqv ooeteh:

“Spqle'nqunqv clqno aaehqmsolqoleqdscrquahqp hhdehqmsolqoleqt vqunqle
luhqoleqdiirqipqbesag,qleqmia'oqolsarqipqoleqraspeqosddqle'nqgiaeqni
putqle'ddqbequptushqoiqciveqbucrqupoetqsoqoiqn clquqfduceqbx
lsvnedp--clscrea-leuto!”

Omiqitqolteeqvsa oenqduoetqoleqv thetehqvua,qoleqbduareoehqcitfne,qole
dshdennqcippsa,quahqoleqifeaqgtukeqmeteq ahetqaiqsanfecosiaqb oqole
viia'nyqOleqnosddaennqmunqcivfdeoequgusa,qoiiy




CLUFOETqJ

OLEqomiqbixnqpdemqiaquahqia,qoimuthqoleqksdduge,qnfeecldennqmsol
littityqOlexqgduacehqbucrmuthqiketqolestqnli dhetnqptivqosveqoiqosve,
uffteleanskedx,qunqspqolexqpeutehqolexqvsgloqbeqpiddimehyqEketxqno vf
oluoqnoutoehq fqsaqolestqfuolqneevehquqvuaquahquaqeaevx,quahqvuheqolev
cuoclqolestqbteuol;quahqunqolexqnfehqbxqniveqi odxsagqcioougenqoluoqdux
aeutqoleqksdduge,qoleqbutrsagqipqolequti nehqmuocl-hignqneevehqoiqgske
msagnqoiqolestqpeeoy

“Spqmeqcuaqiadxqgeoqoiqoleqidhqouaaetxqbepiteqmeqbteurqhima!”qmlsnfeteh
Oiv,qsaqnlitoqcuoclenqbeomeeaqbteuolnyq“Sqcua'oqnouahqsoqv clqdiagety”

L crdebettx'nqluthqfuaosagnqmeteqlsnqiadxqtefdx,quahqoleqbixnqpsjeh
olestqexenqiaqoleqgiudqipqolestqlifenquahqbeaoqoiqolestqmitrqoiqmsaqsoy
Olexqgusaehqnoeuhsdxqiaqso,quahquoqduno,qbteunoqoiqbteuno,qolexqb tno
olti glqoleqifeaqhiitquahqpeddqgtuoep dquahqejlu noehqsaqoleqnledoetsag
nluhimnqbexiahyqBxquahqbxqolestqf dnenqndimehqhima,quahqOivqmlsnfeteh:

“L crdebettx,qmluoqhiqxi qtecria'ddqciveqipqolsn?”

“SpqHicoitqTibsaniaqhsen,qSqtecriaqluagsag'ddqciveqipqsoy”

“Hiqxi qoli gl?”

“Mlx,qSq_raim_qso,qOivy”

Oivqoli gloquqmlsde,qoleaqleqnush:

“Mli'ddqoedd?qMe?”

“Mluoquteqxi qoudrsagqubi o?qN'fineqniveolsagqluffeaehquahqSaz aqZie
_hsha'o_qluag?qMlx,qle'hqrsddq nqniveqosveqitqiolet,qz noqunqheuhqn te
unqme'tequqduxsagqletey”

“Oluo'nqz noqmluoqSqmunqolsarsagqoiqvxnedp,qL cry”

“Spquaxbihxqoeddn,qdeoqV ppqFiooetqhiqso,qspqle'nqpiidqeai glyqLe'n
geaetuddxqht arqeai gly”

Oivqnushqaiolsag--meaoqiaqolsarsagyqFteneaodxqleqmlsnfeteh:

“L cr,qV ppqFiooetqhia'oqraimqsoyqLimqcuaqleqoedd?”

“Mluo'nqoleqteuniaqleqhia'oqraimqso?”

“Becu neqle'hqz noqgioqoluoqmlucrqmleaqSaz aqZieqhiaeqsoyqH'xi qtecria
leqci dhqneequaxolsag?qH'xi qtecriaqleqraimehquaxolsag?”

“Bxqlirex,qoluo'nqni,qOiv!”

“Uahqbenshen,qdiir-u-lete--vuxbeqoluoqmlucrqhiaeqpitq_lsv_!”

“Ai,q'ousaoqdsredx,qOivyqLeqluhqdsw itqsaqlsv;qSqci dhqneeqoluo;quah
benshen,qlequdmuxnqlunyqMedd,qmleaqfuf'nqp dd,qxi qvsgloqourequahqbedo
lsvqiketqoleqleuhqmsolquqcl tclquahqxi qci dha'oqfluneqlsvyqLeqnuxnqni,
lsnqimaqnedpyqNiqso'nqoleqnuveqmsolqV ppqFiooet,qipqci tneyqB oqspquqvua
munqheuhqnibet,qSqtecriaqvuxbeqoluoqmlucrqvsgloqpeoclqlsv;qSqhiaiy”

Upoetquaioletqtepdecoskeqnsdeace,qOivqnush:

“L crx,qxi qn teqxi qcuaqreefqv v?”

“Oiv,qmeq_gio_qoiqreefqv vyqXi qraimqoluoyqOluoqSaz aqheksdqmi dha'o
vurequaxqviteqipqhtimahsagq nqoluaquqci fdeqipqcuon,qspqmeqmunqoiqnw eur
'bi oqolsnquahqolexqhsha'oqluagqlsvyqAim,qdiir-u-lete,qOiv,qdennqoure
uahqnmeutqoiqiaequaiolet--oluo'nqmluoqmeqgioqoiqhi--nmeutqoiqreefqv vy”

“S'vqugteehyqSo'nqoleqbenoqolsagyqMi dhqxi qz noqlidhqluahnquahqnmeut
oluoqme--”

“Ilqai,qoluoqmi dha'oqhiqpitqolsnyqOluo'nqgiihqeai glqpitqdsoode
t bbsnlxqcivviaqolsagn--nfecsuddxqmsolqgudn,qc .q_olex_qgiqbucrqiaqxi 
uaxmux,quahqbdubqspqolexqgeoqsaquql pp--b oqoleteqitoetqbeqmtsosagq'bi o
uqbsgqolsagqdsreqolsnyqUahqbdiihy”

Oiv'nqmlideqbesagquffdu hehqolsnqsheuyqSoqmunqheef,quahqhutr,quahqump d;
oleqli t,qoleqcstc vnouacen,qoleqn tti ahsagn,qmeteqsaqreefsagqmsolqsoy
Leqfscrehq fquqcdeuaqfsaeqnlsagdeqoluoqduxqsaqoleqviia-dsglo,qoiirqu
dsoodeqptugveaoqipq“tehqreed”qi oqipqlsnqficreo,qgioqoleqviiaqia
lsnqmitr,quahqfusap ddxqnctumdehqoleneqdsaen,qevfluns.sagqeuclqndim
hima-notireqbxqcduvfsagqlsnqoiag eqbeomeeaqlsnqoeeol,quahqdeoosagq fqole
ftenn teqiaqoleq f-notirenyq[Neeqaejoqfugey]

“L crqPsaaquahqOivqNumxetqnmeutnqolexqmsddqreefqv vqubi oqOlsnquahqOlex
msnlqOlexqvuxqHtifqhimaqheuhqsaqOlestqOtucrnqspqOlexqeketqOeddquahqTioy”

L crdebettxqmunqpsddehqmsolquhvstuosiaqipqOiv'nqpucsdsoxqsaqmtsosag,quah
oleqn bdsvsoxqipqlsnqduag ugeyqLequoqiaceqoiirquqfsaqptivqlsnqdufedquah
munqgisagqoiqftscrqlsnqpdenl,qb oqOivqnush:

“Lidhqia!qHia'oqhiqoluoyqUqfsa'nqbtunnyqSoqvsgloqlukeqkethsgteuneqia
soy”

“Mluo'nqkethsgteune?”

“So'nqf'sniayqOluo'nqmluoqsoqsnyqXi qz noqnmuddetqniveqipqsoqiace--xi 'dd
neey”

NiqOivq ami ahqoleqolteuhqptivqiaeqipqlsnqaeehden,quahqeuclqbixqftscreh
oleqbuddqipqlsnqol vbquahqnw ee.ehqi oquqhtifqipqbdiihyqSaqosve,qupoet
vuaxqnw ee.en,qOivqvuaugehqoiqnsgaqlsnqsasosudn,q nsagqoleqbuddqipqlsn
dsoodeqpsagetqpitquqfeayqOleaqleqnlimehqL crdebettxqlimqoiqvurequaqLquah
uaqP,quahqoleqiuolqmunqcivfdeoeyqOlexqb tsehqoleqnlsagdeqcdineqoiqole
mudd,qmsolqniveqhsnvudqceteviasenquahqsacuaouosian,quahqoleqpeooetn
oluoqbi ahqolestqoiag enqmeteqcianshetehqoiqbeqdicrehquahqoleqrexqoltima
umuxy

Uqpsg teqctefoqnoeudolsdxqolti glquqbteurqsaqoleqioletqeahqipqoleqt saeh
b sdhsag,qaim,qb oqolexqhshqaioqaiosceqsoy

“Oiv,”qmlsnfetehqL crdebettx,q“hienqolsnqreefq nqptivq_eket_
oeddsag--_udmuxn_?”

“Ipqci tneqsoqhienyqSoqhia'oqvurequaxqhsppeteaceq_mluo_qluffean,qmeqgio
oiqreefqv vyqMe'hqhtifqhimaqheuh--hia'oq_xi _qraimqoluo?”

“Xen,qSqtecriaqoluo'nqniy”

Olexqciaosa ehqoiqmlsnfetqpitqniveqdsoodeqosveyqFteneaodxquqhigqneoq f
uqdiag,qd g btsi nqlimdqz noqi onshe--msolsaqoeaqpeeoqipqolevyqOleqbixn
cdunfehqeuclqioletqn hheadx,qsaquaqugiaxqipqptsgloy

“Mlsclqipq nqhienqleqveua?”qgunfehqL crdebettxy

“Sqhiai--feefqolti glqoleqctucryqW scr!”

“Ai,q_xi _,qOiv!”

“Sqcua'o--Sqcua'oq_hi_qso,qL cr!”

“Fdeune,qOivyqOleteq'osnqugusa!”

“Il,qdithx,qS'vqoluarp d!”qmlsnfetehqOivyq“SqraimqlsnqkisceyqSo'nqB dd
Lutbsniay”q*

[*qSpqVtyqLutbsniaqimaehquqndukeqauvehqB dd,qOivqmi dhqlukeqnfireaqip
lsvqunq“Lutbsnia'nqB dd,”qb oquqniaqitquqhigqipqoluoqauveqmunq“B dd
Lutbsniay”]

“Il,qoluo'nqgiih--Sqoeddqxi ,qOiv,qSqmunqvinoqncutehqoiqheuol;qS'hquqbeo
uaxolsagqsoqmunquq_notux_qhigy”

OleqhigqlimdehqugusayqOleqbixn'qleutonqnuarqiaceqvitey

“Il,qvx!qoluoqusa'oqaiqB ddqLutbsnia!”qmlsnfetehqL crdebettxyq“_Hi_,
Oiv!”

Oiv,qw ursagqmsolqpeut,qxsedheh,quahqf oqlsnqexeqoiqoleqctucryqLsn
mlsnfetqmunqluthdxqu hsbdeqmleaqleqnush:

“Il,qL cr,q_sonquqnotuxqhig_!”

“W scr,qOiv,qw scr!qMliqhienqleqveua?”

“L cr,qleqv noqveuaq nqbiol--me'teqtsgloqoigeolety”

“Il,qOiv,qSqtecriaqme'teqgiaetnyqSqtecriaqoletequsa'oqaiqvsnoureq'bi o
mleteq_S'dd_qgiqoiyqSqbeeaqniqmscrehy”

“Huhqpeoclqso!qOlsnqcivenqipqfduxsagqliirexquahqhisagqeketxolsagqu
peddet'nqoidhq_aio_qoiqhiyqSqvsgloquqbeeaqgiih,qdsreqNsh,qspqS'hqu
otseh--b oqai,qSqmi dha'o,qipqci tneyqB oqspqeketqSqgeoqippqolsnqosve,
SqduxqS'ddqz noq_muddet_qsaqN ahux-ncliidn!”qUahqOivqbeguaqoiqna ppdequ
dsoodey

“_Xi _qbuh!”quahqL crdebettxqbeguaqoiqna ppdeqoiiyq“Ciani ahqso,qOiv
Numxet,qxi 'teqz noqidhqfse,q'diag-nsheqi'qmluoqSquvyqIl,q_dithx_,
dithx,qdithx,qSqmsnloqSqiadxqluhqludpqxi tqcluacey”

Oivqclirehqippquahqmlsnfeteh:

“Diir,qL crx,qdiir!qLe'nqgioqlsnq_bucr_qoiq n!”

L crxqdiireh,qmsolqzixqsaqlsnqleutoy

“Medd,qleqlun,qbxqzsagien!qHshqleqbepite?”

“Xen,qleqhshyqB oqS,qdsrequqpiid,qaeketqoli gloyqIl,qolsnqsnqb ddx,qxi 
raimyq_Aim_qmliqcuaqleqveua?”

OleqlimdsagqnoiffehyqOivqftscrehq fqlsnqeutny

“Nl!qMluo'nqoluo?”qleqmlsnfetehy

“Ni ahnqdsre--dsreqlignqgt aosagyqAi--so'nqnivebihxqnaitsag,qOivy”

“Oluoq_sn_qso!qMleteq'bi onqsnqso,qL cr?”

“Sqbdeekeqso'nqhimaquoq'oioletqeahyqNi ahnqni,quaxmuxyqFufq nehqoiqndeef
olete,qniveosven,q'diagqmsolqoleqlign,qb oqdumnqbdennqxi ,qleqz noqdspon
olsagnqmleaq_le_qnaitenyqBenshen,qSqtecriaqlequsa'oqeketqcivsagqbucrqoi
olsnqoimaquaxqvitey”

Oleqnfstsoqipquhkeao teqtineqsaqoleqbixn'qni dnqiaceqvitey

“L crx,qhiqxi qhun'oqoiqgiqspqSqdeuh?”

“Sqhia'oqdsreqoi,qv clyqOiv,qn'fineqso'nqSaz aqZie!”

Oivqw usdehyqB oqfteneaodxqoleqoevfouosiaqtineq fqnotiagqugusaquahqole
bixnqugteehqoiqotx,qmsolqoleq ahetnouahsagqoluoqolexqmi dhqoureqoiqolest
leednqspqoleqnaitsagqnoiffehyqNiqolexqmeaoqosfoiesagqnoeudolsdxqhima,
oleqiaeqbelsahqoleqioletyqMleaqolexqluhqgioqoiqmsolsaqpskeqnoefnqipqole
naitet,qOivqnoeffehqiaquqnoscr,quahqsoqbtireqmsolquqnlutfqnaufyqOleqvua
viuaeh,qmtsolehquqdsoode,quahqlsnqpuceqcuveqsaoiqoleqviiadsgloyqSoqmun
V ppqFiooetyqOleqbixn'qleutonqluhqnoiihqnosdd,quahqolestqlifenqoii,
mleaqoleqvuaqvikeh,qb oqolestqpeutnqfunnehqumuxqaimyqOlexqosf-oiehqi o,
olti glqoleqbtireaqmeuolet-biuthsag,quahqnoiffehquoquqdsoodeqhsnouace
oiqejcluagequqfutosagqmithyqOluoqdiag,qd g btsi nqlimdqtineqiaqoleqasglo
ustqugusa!qOlexqo taehquahqnumqoleqnotuageqhigqnouahsagqmsolsaquqpem
peeoqipqmleteqFiooetqmunqdxsag,quahq_pucsag_qFiooet,qmsolqlsnqaine
fisaosagqleukeamuthy

“Il,qgeevsax,qso'nq_lsv_!”qejcdusvehqbiolqbixn,qsaquqbteuoly

“Nux,qOiv--olexqnuxquqnotuxqhigqciveqlimdsagquti ahqZilaaxqVsddet'n
li ne,q'bi oqvshasglo,qunqv clqunqomiqmeernqugi;quahquqmlsffiitmsddqcive
saquahqdsoqiaqoleqbuasnoetnquahqn ag,qoleqketxqnuveqekeasag;quahqolete
usa'oquaxbihxqheuhqoleteqxeoy”

“Medd,qSqraimqoluoyqUahqn ffineqoletequsa'oyqHsha'oqGtucseqVsddetqpudd
saqoleqrsocleaqpstequahqb taqletnedpqoettsbdeqoleqketxqaejoqNuo thux?”

“Xen,qb oqnlequsa'oq_heuh_yqUahqmluo'nqvite,qnle'nqgeoosagqbeooet,qoiiy”

“Uddqtsglo,qxi qmusoquahqneeyqNle'nquqgiaet,qz noqunqheuhqn tequnqV pp
Fiooet'nquqgiaetyqOluo'nqmluoqoleqasggetnqnux,quahqolexqraimquddqubi o
oleneqrsahqipqolsagn,qL cry”

Oleaqolexqnefutuoeh,qcigsouosagyqMleaqOivqctefoqsaquoqlsnqbehtiivqmsahim
oleqasgloqmunqudvinoqnfeaoyqLeq ahtennehqmsolqejcennskeqcu osia,quah
peddqundeefqciagtuo duosagqlsvnedpqoluoqaibihxqraemqipqlsnqencufuheyqLe
munqaioqumuteqoluoqoleqgeaodx-naitsagqNshqmunqumure,quahqluhqbeeaqniqpit
uaqli ty

MleaqOivqumire,qNshqmunqhtennehquahqgiaeyqOleteqmunquqduoeqdiirqsaqole
dsglo,quqduoeqneaneqsaqolequovinfleteyqLeqmunqnoutodehyqMlxqluhqleqaio
beeaqcuddeh--fetnec oehqosddqleqmunq f,qunq n ud?qOleqoli gloqpsddeh
lsvqmsolqbihsagnyqMsolsaqpskeqvsa oenqleqmunqhtennehquahqhima-noustn,
peedsagqnitequahqhtimnxyqOleqpuvsdxqmeteqnosddquoqoubde,qb oqolexqluh
psasnlehqbteurpunoyqOleteqmunqaiqkisceqipqteb re;qb oqoleteqmetequketoeh
exen;qoleteqmunquqnsdeacequahquaqustqipqnidevasoxqoluoqnot crquqclsdd
oiqoleqc dftso'nqleutoyqLeqnuoqhimaquahqotsehqoiqneevqgux,qb oqso
munq f-lsddqmitr;qsoqti nehqaiqnvsde,qaiqtenfiane,quahqleqdufnehqsaoi
nsdeacequahqdeoqlsnqleutoqnsarqhimaqoiqoleqhefolny

Upoetqbteurpunoqlsnqu aoqoiirqlsvqunshe,quahqOivqudvinoqbtsgloeaehqsa
oleqlifeqoluoqleqmunqgisagqoiqbeqpdiggeh;qb oqsoqmunqaioqniyqLsnqu ao
mefoqiketqlsvquahqunrehqlsvqlimqleqci dhqgiquahqbteurqletqidhqleutoqni;
uahqpsauddxqoidhqlsvqoiqgiqia,quahqt saqlsvnedpquahqbtsagqletqgtuxqlustn
msolqnittimqoiqoleqgtuke,qpitqsoqmunqaiq neqpitqletqoiqotxquaxqvitey
Olsnqmunqmitneqoluaquqoli nuahqmlsffsagn,quahqOiv'nqleutoqmunqnitetqaim
oluaqlsnqbihxyqLeqctseh,qleqfdeuhehqpitqpitgskeaenn,qftivsnehqoiqtepitv
iketquahqiketqugusa,quahqoleaqteceskehqlsnqhsnvsnnud,qpeedsagqoluo
leqluhqmiaqb oquaqsvfetpecoqpitgskeaennquahqenoubdsnlehqb oquqpeebde
ciapsheacey

Leqdepoqoleqfteneaceqoiiqvsnetubdeqoiqekeaqpeedqtekeagep dqoimuth
Nsh;quahqniqoleqduooet'nqftivfoqteoteuoqolti glqoleqbucrqguoeqmun
 aaecennutxyqLeqvifehqoiqncliidqgdiivxquahqnuh,quahqoiirqlsnqpdiggsag,
udiagqmsolqZieqLutfet,qpitqfduxsagqliirexqoleqhuxqbepite,qmsolqole
ustqipqiaeqmlineqleutoqmunqb nxqmsolqleuksetqmienquahqmliddxqheuhqoi
otspdenyqOleaqleqbeoiirqlsvnedpqoiqlsnqneuo,qtenoehqlsnqedbimnqiaqlsn
henrquahqlsnqzumnqsaqlsnqluahn,quahqnoutehquoqoleqmuddqmsolqoleqnoiax
nouteqipqn ppetsagqoluoqlunqteuclehqoleqdsvsoquahqcuaqaiqp toletqgiy
Lsnqedbimqmunqftennsagqugusanoqniveqluthqn bnouaceyqUpoetquqdiagqosve
leqndimdxquahqnuhdxqcluagehqlsnqfinsosia,quahqoiirq fqolsnqibzecoqmsol
uqnsglyqSoqmunqsaquqfufetyqLeq atiddehqsoyqUqdiag,qdsagetsag,qcidinnud
nsglqpiddimeh,quahqlsnqleutoqbtireyqSoqmunqlsnqbtunnquahstiaqraib!

Olsnqpsaudqpeuoletqbtireqoleqcuved'nqbucry




CLUFOETqJS

CDINEq fiaqoleqli tqipqaiiaqoleqmlideqksddugeqmunqn hheadxqedecotspseh
msolqoleqglunodxqaemnyqAiqaeehqipqolequnqxeoq a-hteuveh-ipqoedegtufl;
oleqoudeqpdemqptivqvuaqoiqvua,qptivqgti fqoiqgti f,qptivqli neqoiqli ne,
msolqdsoodeqdennqoluaqoedegtuflscqnfeehyqIpqci tneqoleqncliidvunoetqguke
lids-huxqpitqoluoqupoetaiia;qoleqoimaqmi dhqlukeqoli gloqnotuagedxqip
lsvqspqleqluhqaioy

Uqgitxqraspeqluhqbeeaqpi ahqcdineqoiqoleqv thetehqvua,quahqsoqluhqbeea
tecigas.ehqbxqnivebihxqunqbediagsagqoiqV ppqFiooet--niqoleqnoitxqtuayqUah
soqmunqnushqoluoquqbeduoehqcsos.eaqluhqciveq fiaqFiooetqmunlsagqlsvnedp
saqoleq“btuacl”qubi oqiaeqitqomiqi'cdicrqsaqoleqvitasag,quahqoluoqFiooet
luhquoqiaceqnaeurehqipp--n nfscsi nqcstc vnouacen,qenfecsuddxqoleqmunlsag
mlsclqmunqaioquqlubsoqmsolqFiooetyqSoqmunqudniqnushqoluoqoleqoimaqluh
beeaqtuanucrehqpitqolsnq“v thetet”q(oleqf bdscquteqaioqndimqsaqole
vuooetqipqnsposagqeksheacequahquttsksagquoquqkethsco),qb oqoluoqle
ci dhqaioqbeqpi ahyqLitneveaqluhqhefutoehqhimaquddqoleqtiuhnqsaqeketx
hstecosia,quahqoleqNletsppq“munqciapsheao”qoluoqleqmi dhqbeqcufo teh
bepiteqasgloy

UddqoleqoimaqmunqhtsposagqoimuthqoleqgtukexuthyqOiv'nqleutobteur
kuasnlehquahqleqzisaehqoleqfticennsia,qaioqbecu neqleqmi dhqaio
uqoli nuahqosvenqtuoletqgiquaxmleteqedne,qb oqbecu nequaqump d,
 aucci aoubdeqpuncsauosiaqhtemqlsvqiayqUttskehquoqoleqhteuhp dqfduce,qle
mitvehqlsnqnvuddqbihxqolti glqoleqctimhquahqnumqoleqhsnvudqnfecoucdey
SoqneevehqoiqlsvquaqugeqnsaceqleqmunqoleteqbepiteyqNivebihxqfsacleh
lsnqutvyqLeqo taeh,quahqlsnqexenqveoqL crdebettx'nyqOleaqbiolqdiireh
ednemletequoqiace,quahqmiahetehqspquaxbihxqluhqaioscehquaxolsagqsaqolest
v o udqgduaceyqB oqeketxbihxqmunqoudrsag,quahqsaoeaoq fiaqoleqgtsndx
nfecoucdeqbepiteqolevy

“Fiitqpeddim!”q“Fiitqxi agqpeddim!”q“Olsnqi gloqoiqbequqdenniaqoiqgtuke
tibbetn!”q“V ppqFiooet'ddqluagqpitqolsnqspqolexqcuoclqlsv!”qOlsnqmunqole
htspoqipqtevutr;quahqoleqvsasnoetqnush,q“Soqmunquqz hgveao;qLsnqluahqsn
letey”

AimqOivqnlsketehqptivqleuhqoiqleed;qpitqlsnqexeqpeddq fiaqoleqnoidsh
puceqipqSaz aqZieyqUoqolsnqviveaoqoleqctimhqbeguaqoiqnmuxquahqnot ggde,
uahqkiscenqnli oeh,q“So'nqlsv!qso'nqlsv!qle'nqcivsagqlsvnedp!”

“Mli?qMli?”qptivqomeaoxqkisceny

“V ppqFiooet!”

“Luddi,qle'nqnoiffeh!--Diirqi o,qle'nqo tasag!qHia'oqdeoqlsvqgeoqumux!”

FeifdeqsaqoleqbtuaclenqipqoleqoteenqiketqOiv'nqleuhqnushqleqmuna'o
otxsagqoiqgeoqumux--leqiadxqdiirehqhi bop dquahqfetfdejehy

“Sapetaudqsvf heace!”qnushquqbxnouahet;q“muaoehqoiqcivequahqourequqw seo
diirquoqlsnqmitr,qSqtecria--hsha'oqejfecoquaxqcivfuaxy”

Oleqctimhqpeddqufuto,qaim,quahqoleqNletsppqcuveqolti gl,qinoeaouosi ndx
deuhsagqFiooetqbxqolequtvyqOleqfiitqpeddim'nqpuceqmunqlugguth,quah
lsnqexenqnlimehqoleqpeutqoluoqmunq fiaqlsvyqMleaqleqnoiihqbepiteqole
v thetehqvua,qleqnliirqunqmsolquqfudnx,quahqleqf oqlsnqpuceqsaqlsnqluahn
uahqb tnoqsaoiqoeutny

“Sqhsha'oqhiqso,qptseahn,”qleqnibbeh;q“'fiaqvxqmithquahqliaitqSqaeket
hiaeqsoy”

“Mli'nqucc nehqxi ?”qnli oehquqkiscey

OlsnqnlioqneevehqoiqcuttxqliveyqFiooetqdspoehqlsnqpucequahqdiirehquti ah
lsvqmsolquqfuoleoscqlifedennaennqsaqlsnqexenyqLeqnumqSaz aqZie,quah
ejcdusveh:

“Il,qSaz aqZie,qxi qftivsnehqveqxi 'hqaeket--”

“Snqoluoqxi tqraspe?”quahqsoqmunqolt noqbepiteqlsvqbxqoleqNletsppy

Fiooetqmi dhqlukeqpuddeaqspqolexqluhqaioqcu gloqlsvquahqeunehqlsvqoiqole
gti ahyqOleaqleqnush:

“Niveolsagqoidhqveq'oqspqSqhsha'oqciveqbucrquahqgeo--”qLeqnl hheteh;qolea
mukehqlsnqaetkedennqluahqmsolquqkuaw snlehqgeno tequahqnush,q“Oeddq'ev,
Zie,qoeddq'ev--soqusa'oquaxq nequaxqvitey”

OleaqL crdebettxquahqOivqnoiihqh vbquahqnoutsag,quahqleuthqole
noiax-leutoehqdsutqteedqippqlsnqneteaeqnouoeveao,qolexqejfecosagqeketx
viveaoqoluoqoleqcdeutqnrxqmi dhqhedsketqGih'nqdsgloasagnq fiaqlsnqleuh,
uahqmiahetsagqoiqneeqlimqdiagqoleqnotireqmunqheduxehyqUahqmleaqleqluh
psasnlehquahqnosddqnoiihqudskequahqmlide,qolestqmuketsagqsvf dneqoi
bteurqolestqiuolquahqnukeqoleqfiitqbeotuxehqftsniaet'nqdspeqpuhehquah
kuasnlehqumux,qpitqfdusadxqolsnqvsncteuaoqluhqnidhqlsvnedpqoiqNuouaquah
soqmi dhqbeqpuoudqoiqvehhdeqmsolqoleqftifetoxqipqn clquqfimetqunqoluoy

“Mlxqhsha'oqxi qdeuke?qMluoqhshqxi qmuaoqoiqciveqleteqpit?”qnivebihx
nushy

“Sqci dha'oqledfqso--Sqci dha'oqledfqso,”qFiooetqviuaehyq“Sqmuaoehqoi
t aqumux,qb oqSqci dha'oqneevqoiqcivequaxmleteqb oqletey”qUahqleqpeddqoi
nibbsagqugusay

Saz aqZieqtefeuoehqlsnqnouoeveao,qz noqunqcudvdx,quqpemqvsa oen
upoetmuthqiaqoleqsaw eno,q ahetqiuol;quahqoleqbixn,qneesagqoluoqole
dsgloasagnqmeteqnosddqmsolledh,qmeteqciapstvehqsaqolestqbedsepqoluo
ZieqluhqnidhqlsvnedpqoiqoleqheksdyqLeqmunqaimqbecive,qoiqolev,qoleqvino
budep ddxqsaoetenosagqibzecoqolexqluhqeketqdiirehq fia,quahqolexqci dh
aioqoureqolestqpuncsauoehqexenqptivqlsnqpucey

Olexqsamuthdxqtenidkehqoiqmuoclqlsvqasglon,qmleaqiffito asoxqnli dh
ippet,qsaqoleqlifeqipqgeoosagquqgdsvfneqipqlsnqhteuhqvunoety

Saz aqZieqledfehqoiqtusneqoleqbihxqipqoleqv thetehqvuaquahqf oqsoqsa
uqmugiaqpitqtevikud;quahqsoqmunqmlsnfetehqolti glqoleqnl hhetsag
ctimhqoluoqoleqmi ahqbdehquqdsoode!qOleqbixnqoli gloqoluoqolsnqluffx
cstc vnouaceqmi dhqo taqn nfscsiaqsaqoleqtsgloqhstecosia;qb oqolexqmete
hsnuffisaoeh,qpitqviteqoluaqiaeqksddugetqtevutreh:

“SoqmunqmsolsaqolteeqpeeoqipqV ppqFiooetqmleaqsoqhiaeqsoy”

Oiv'nqpeutp dqnecteoquahqgaumsagqciancseaceqhsno tbehqlsnqndeefqpitqun
v clqunquqmeerqupoetqolsn;quahquoqbteurpunoqiaeqvitasagqNshqnush:

“Oiv,qxi qfsoclquti ahquahqoudrqsaqxi tqndeefqniqv clqoluoqxi qreefqve
umureqludpqoleqosvey”

Oivqbduaclehquahqhtiffehqlsnqexeny

“So'nquqbuhqnsga,”qnushqU aoqFiddx,qgtukedxyq“Mluoqxi qgioqiaqxi tqvsah,
Oiv?”

“AiolsagyqAiolsagq'oqSqraimqipy”qB oqoleqbix'nqluahqnliirqniqoluoqle
nfsddehqlsnqcippeey

“Uahqxi qhiqoudrqn clqno pp,”qNshqnushyq“Dunoqasgloqxi qnush,q'So'n
bdiih,qso'nqbdiih,qoluo'nqmluoqsoqsn!'qXi qnushqoluoqiketquahqikety
Uahqxi qnush,q'Hia'oqoitveaoqveqni--S'ddqoedd!'qOeddq_mluo_?qMluoqsnqso
xi 'ddqoedd?”

EketxolsagqmunqnmsvvsagqbepiteqOivyqOleteqsnqaiqoeddsagqmluoqvsgloqluke
luffeaeh,qaim,qb oqd crsdxqoleqciacetaqfunnehqi oqipqU aoqFiddx'nqpuce
uahqnleqcuveqoiqOiv'nqtedsepqmsoli oqraimsagqsoyqNleqnush:

“Nli!qSo'nqoluoqhteuhp dqv thetyqSqhteuvqubi oqsoqvinoqeketxqasglo
vxnedpyqNiveosvenqSqhteuvqso'nqveqoluoqhiaeqsoy”

Vutxqnushqnleqluhqbeeaquppecoehqv clqoleqnuveqmuxyqNshqneevehqnuosnpsehy
Oivqgioqi oqipqoleqfteneacequnqw scrqunqleqfdu nsbdxqci dh,quahqupoet
oluoqleqcivfdusaehqipqoiiolucleqpitquqmeer,quahqosehq fqlsnqzumnqeketx
asgloyqLeqaeketqraemqoluoqNshqduxqasglodxqmuoclsag,quahqptew eaodx
ndsffehqoleqbuahugeqpteequahqoleaqdeuaehqiaqlsnqedbimqdsnoeasagquqgiih
mlsdequoquqosve,quahqupoetmuthqndsffehqoleqbuahugeqbucrqoiqsonqfduce
ugusayqOiv'nqhsnotennqipqvsahqmiteqippqgtuh uddxquahqoleqoiiolucleqgtem
strnivequahqmunqhsncuthehyqSpqNshqteuddxqvuaugehqoiqvurequaxolsagqi oqip
Oiv'nqhsnzisaoehqv ooetsagn,qleqrefoqsoqoiqlsvnedpy

SoqneevehqoiqOivqoluoqlsnqncliidvuoenqaeketqmi dhqgeoqhiaeqlidhsag
saw enonqiaqheuhqcuon,quahqol nqreefsagqlsnqoti bdeqfteneaoqoiqlsnqvsahy
NshqaioscehqoluoqOivqaeketqmunqcitiaetquoqiaeqipqoleneqsaw stsen,
oli glqsoqluhqbeeaqlsnqlubsoqoiqoureqoleqdeuhqsaquddqaemqeaoetftsnen;
leqaiosceh,qoii,qoluoqOivqaeketqucoehqunquqmsoaenn--uahqoluoqmunqnotuage;
uahqNshqhshqaioqiketdiirqoleqpucoqoluoqOivqekeaqnlimehquqvutrehquketnsia
oiqoleneqsaw enon,quahqudmuxnqukishehqolevqmleaqleqci dhyqNshqvutkeddeh,
b oqnushqaiolsagyqLimeket,qekeaqsaw enonqmeaoqi oqipqkig equoqduno,quah
ceunehqoiqoito teqOiv'nqciancseacey

Eketxqhuxqitqomi,qh tsagqolsnqosveqipqnittim,qOivqmuoclehqlsn
iffito asoxquahqmeaoqoiqoleqdsoodeqgtuoehqzusd-msahimquahqnv ggdehqn cl
nvuddqcivpitonqolti glqoiqoleq“v thetet”qunqleqci dhqgeoqlidhqipyqOle
zusdqmunquqotspdsagqdsoodeqbtscrqheaqoluoqnoiihqsaquqvutnlquoqoleqehge
ipqoleqksdduge,quahqaiqg uthnqmetequppithehqpitqso;qsaheeh,qso
munqnedhivqicc fsehyqOleneqippetsagnqgteuodxqledfehqoiqeuneqOiv'n
ciancseacey

Oleqksddugetnqluhquqnotiagqhensteqoiqout-uah-peuoletqSaz aqZiequahqtshe
lsvqiaquqtusd,qpitqbihx-nauoclsag,qb oqniqpitvshubdeqmunqlsnqclutucoet
oluoqaibihxqci dhqbeqpi ahqmliqmunqmsddsagqoiqoureqoleqdeuhqsaqole
vuooet,qniqsoqmunqhtiffehyqLeqluhqbeeaqcutep dqoiqbegsaqbiolqipqlsn
saw eno-nouoeveaonqmsolqoleqpsglo,qmsoli oqciapennsagqoleqgtuke-tibbetx
oluoqftecehehqso;qoletepiteqsoqmunqheevehqmsnenoqaioqoiqotxqoleqcuneqsa
oleqci tonquoqfteneaoy




CLUFOETqJSS

IAEqipqoleqteunianqmlxqOiv'nqvsahqluhqhtspoehqumuxqptivqsonqnecteo
oti bdenqmun,qoluoqsoqluhqpi ahquqaemquahqmesgloxqvuooetqoiqsaoeteno
sonedpqubi oyqBecrxqOluocletqluhqnoiffehqcivsagqoiqncliidyqOivqluh
not ggdehqmsolqlsnqftshequqpemqhuxn,quahqotsehqoiq“mlsnodeqletqhimaqole
msah,”qb oqpusdehyqLeqbeguaqoiqpsahqlsvnedpqluagsagquti ahqletqpuolet'n
li ne,qasglon,quahqpeedsagqketxqvsnetubdeyqNleqmunqsddyqMluoqspqnle
nli dhqhse!qOleteqmunqhsnotucosiaqsaqoleqoli gloyqLeqaiqdiagetqoiirqua
saoetenoqsaqmut,qaitqekeaqsaqfstucxyqOleqclutvqipqdspeqmunqgiae;qolete
munqaiolsagqb oqhteutsaennqdepoyqLeqf oqlsnqliifqumux,quahqlsnqbuo;
oleteqmunqaiqzixqsaqolevquaxqviteyqLsnqu aoqmunqciacetaehyqNleqbeguaqoi
otxquddqvuaaetqipqtevehsenqiaqlsvyqNleqmunqiaeqipqolineqfeifdeqmli
uteqsapuo uoehqmsolqfuoeaoqvehscsaenquahquddqaem-puagdehqveolihnqip
ftih csagqleudolqitqveahsagqsoyqNleqmunquaqsakeoetuoeqejfetsveaoetqsa
oleneqolsagnyqMleaqniveolsagqptenlqsaqolsnqdsaeqcuveqi oqnleqmunqsaqu
peket,qtsgloqumux,qoiqotxqso;qaioqiaqletnedp,qpitqnleqmunqaeketqusdsag,
b oqiaquaxbihxqedneqoluoqcuveqluahxyqNleqmunquqn bnctsbetqpitquddqole
“Leudol”qfetsihscudnquahqflteaidigscudqptu hn;quahqoleqnidevaqsgaituace
olexqmeteqsapduoehqmsolqmunqbteuolqoiqletqainotsdnyqUddqoleq“tio”qolex
ciaousaehqubi oqkeaosduosia,quahqlimqoiqgiqoiqbeh,quahqlimqoiqgeoq f,
uahqmluoqoiqeuo,quahqmluoqoiqhtsar,quahqlimqv clqejetcsneqoiqoure,quah
mluoqptuveqipqvsahqoiqreefqiae'nqnedpqsa,quahqmluoqnitoqipqcdiolsag
oiqmeut,qmunquddqginfedqoiqlet,quahqnleqaeketqibnetkehqoluoqlet
leudol-zi taudnqipqoleqc tteaoqviaolqc noivutsdxq fneoqeketxolsagqolex
luhqtecivveahehqoleqviaolqbepiteyqNleqmunqunqnsvfde-leutoehquahqliaeno
unqoleqhuxqmunqdiag,quahqniqnleqmunquaqeunxqkscosvyqNleqguoleteh
oigeoletqletqw ucrqfetsihscudnquahqletqw ucrqvehscsaen,quahqol nqutveh
msolqheuol,qmeaoqubi oqiaqletqfudeqlitne,qveouflitscuddxqnfeursag,qmsol
“leddqpiddimsagqupoety”qB oqnleqaeketqn nfecoehqoluoqnleqmunqaioqua
uagedqipqleudsagquahqoleqbudvqipqGsdeuhqsaqhsng sne,qoiqoleqn ppetsag
aesglbitny

Oleqmuoetqoteuoveaoqmunqaem,qaim,quahqOiv'nqdimqciahsosiaqmunquqmsahpudd
oiqletyqNleqluhqlsvqi oquoqhuxdsgloqeketxqvitasag,qnoiihqlsvq fqsaqole
miih-nlehquahqhtimaehqlsvqmsolquqhed geqipqcidhqmuoet;qoleaqnleqnct bbeh
lsvqhimaqmsolquqoimedqdsrequqpsde,quahqniqbti gloqlsvqoi;qoleaqnle
tiddehqlsvq fqsaquqmeoqnleeoquahqf oqlsvqumuxq ahetqbduareonqosddqnle
nmeuoehqlsnqni dqcdeuaquahq“oleqxeddimqnousanqipqsoqcuveqolti glqlsn
fiten”--unqOivqnushy

Xeoqaiomsolnouahsagquddqolsn,qoleqbixqgtemqvitequahqviteqveduaclidxquah
fudequahqhezecoehyqNlequhhehqlioqbuoln,qnso.qbuoln,qnlimetqbuoln,quah
fd agenyqOleqbixqtevusaehqunqhsnvudqunquqleutneyqNleqbeguaqoiqunnsnoqole
muoetqmsolquqndsvqiuoveudqhseoquahqbdsnoet-fdunoetnyqNleqcudc duoehqlsn
cufucsoxqunqnleqmi dhquqz g'n,quahqpsddehqlsvq fqeketxqhuxqmsolqw ucr
c te-uddny

Oivqluhqbeciveqsahsppeteaoqoiqfetnec osiaqbxqolsnqosveyqOlsnqflune
psddehqoleqidhqduhx'nqleutoqmsolqcianoetauosiayqOlsnqsahsppeteaceqv no
beqbtireaq fquoquaxqcinoyqAimqnleqleuthqipqFusa-rsddetqpitqoleqpstno
osveyqNleqithetehquqdioquoqiaceyqNleqounoehqsoquahqmunqpsddehqmsol
gtuoso heyqSoqmunqnsvfdxqpsteqsaquqdsw shqpitvyqNleqhtiffehqoleqmuoet
oteuoveaoquahqeketxolsagqedne,quahqfsaaehqletqpusolqoiqFusa-rsddety
NleqgukeqOivquqoeunfiiap dquahqmuoclehqmsolqoleqheefenoquajseoxqpitqole
ten doyqLetqoti bdenqmeteqsanouaodxquoqteno,qletqni dquoqfeucequgusa;
pitqoleq“sahsppeteace”qmunqbtireaq fyqOleqbixqci dhqaioqlukeqnlimaqu
msdhet,qleutosetqsaoeteno,qspqnleqluhqb sdoquqpsteq ahetqlsvy

Oivqpedoqoluoqsoqmunqosveqoiqmureq f;qolsnqnitoqipqdspeqvsgloqbe
tivuaoscqeai gl,qsaqlsnqbdsgloehqciahsosia,qb oqsoqmunqgeoosagqoiqluke
oiiqdsoodeqneaosveaoquahqoiiqv clqhsnotucosagqkutseoxqubi oqsoyqNiqle
oli gloqiketqkutsi nqfduanqpitqtedsep,quahqpsauddxqlsoq fiaqoluoqip
ftipennsagqoiqbeqpiahqipqFusa-rsddetyqLequnrehqpitqsoqniqipoeaqoluoqle
becuvequqa snuace,quahqlsnqu aoqeahehqbxqoeddsagqlsvqoiqledfqlsvnedpquah
w soqbioletsagqletyqSpqsoqluhqbeeaqNsh,qnleqmi dhqlukeqluhqaiqvsngsksagn
oiquddixqletqhedsglo;qb oqnsaceqsoqmunqOiv,qnleqmuoclehqoleqbioode
cduahenosaedxyqNleqpi ahqoluoqoleqvehscsaeqhshqteuddxqhsvsasnl,qb oqso
hshqaioqicc tqoiqletqoluoqoleqbixqmunqveahsagqoleqleudolqipquqctucrqsa
oleqnsoosag-tiivqpdiitqmsolqsoy

IaeqhuxqOivqmunqsaqolequcoqipqhinsagqoleqctucrqmleaqlsnqu ao'nqxeddim
cuoqcuvequdiag,qf ttsag,qexesagqoleqoeunfiiaqukutscsi ndx,quahqbeggsag
pitquqounoeyqOivqnush:

“Hia'oqunrqpitqsoq adennqxi qmuaoqso,qFeoety”

B oqFeoetqnsgaspsehqoluoqleqhshqmuaoqsoy

“Xi qbeooetqvureqn tey”

Feoetqmunqn tey

“Aimqxi 'kequnrehqpitqso,quahqS'ddqgskeqsoqoiqxi ,qbecu neqoletequsa'o
uaxolsagqveuaqubi oqve;qb oqspqxi qpsahqxi qhia'oqdsreqso,qxi qv noa'o
bduvequaxbihxqb oqxi tqimaqnedpy”

FeoetqmunqugteeubdeyqNiqOivqftsehqlsnqvi olqifeaquahqfi tehqhima
oleqFusa-rsddetyqFeoetqnftuagquqci fdeqipqxuthnqsaqolequst,quahqolea
hedsketehquqmut-mliifquahqneoqippqti ahquahqti ahqoleqtiiv,qbuagsag
ugusanoqp taso te,q fneoosagqpdimet-fion,quahqvursagqgeaetudqlukicyqAejo
leqtineqiaqlsnqlsahqpeeoquahqftuacehquti ah,qsaquqptea.xqipqeazixveao,
msolqlsnqleuhqiketqlsnqnli dhetquahqlsnqkisceqfticdusvsagqlsn
 auffeunubdeqluffsaennyqOleaqleqmeaoqoeutsagquti ahqoleqli nequgusa
nfteuhsagqcluinquahqhenot cosiaqsaqlsnqfuolyqU aoqFiddxqeaoetehqsaqosve
oiqneeqlsvqoltimquqpemqhi bdeqn vvetneon,qhedsketquqpsaudqvsgloxql ttul,
uahqnusdqolti glqoleqifeaqmsahim,qcuttxsagqoleqtenoqipqoleqpdimet-fion
msolqlsvyqOleqidhqduhxqnoiihqfeotspsehqmsolqunoiasnlveao,qfeetsagqiket
letqgdunnen;qOivqduxqiaqoleqpdiitqejfstsagqmsolqdu gloety

“Oiv,qmluoqiaqeutolqusdnqoluoqcuo?”

“Sqhia'oqraim,qu ao,”qgunfehqoleqbixy

“Mlx,qSqaeketqneequaxolsagqdsreqsoyqMluoqhshqvureqlsvqucoqni?”

“HeehqSqhia'oqraim,qU aoqFiddx;qcuonqudmuxnqucoqniqmleaqolex'teqluksagqu
giihqosvey”

“Olexqhi,qhiqolex?”qOleteqmunqniveolsagqsaqoleqoiaeqoluoqvuheqOiv
uffteleanskey

“Xen'vyqOluoqsn,qSqbedsekeqolexqhiy”

“Xi q_hi_?”

“Xen'vy”

Oleqidhqduhxqmunqbeahsagqhima,qOivqmuoclsag,qmsolqsaoetenoqevfluns.eh
bxquajseoxyqOiiqduoeqleqhsksaehqletq“htspoy”qOleqluahdeqipqoleqoeddoude
oeu-nfiiaqmunqksnsbdeq ahetqoleqbeh-kuduaceyqU aoqFiddxqoiirqso,qledhqso
 fyqOivqmsaceh,quahqhtiffehqlsnqexenyqU aoqFiddxqtusnehqlsvqbxqoleq n ud
luahde--lsnqeut--uahqctucrehqlsnqleuhqni ahdxqmsolqletqolsvbdey

“Aim,qnst,qmluoqhshqxi qmuaoqoiqoteuoqoluoqfiitqh vbqbeunoqni,qpit?”

“Sqhiaeqsoqi oqipqfsoxqpitqlsv--becu neqleqluha'oquaxqu aoy”

“Luha'oquaxqu ao!--xi qa vnr ddyqMluoqlunqoluoqgioqoiqhiqmsolqso?”

“LeufnyqBecu neqspqle'hqluhqiaeqnle'hquqb taoqlsvqi oqletnedp!qNle'hqu
tiunoehqlsnqbimednqi oqipqlsvq'oli oquaxqviteqpeedsagqoluaqspqleqmunqu
l vua!”

U aoqFiddxqpedoquqn hheaqfuagqipqtevitneyqOlsnqmunqf oosagqoleqolsagqsa
uqaemqdsglo;qmluoqmunqct edoxqoiquqcuoq_vsglo_qbeqct edoxqoiquqbix,qoiiy
Nleqbeguaqoiqnipoea;qnleqpedoqnittxyqLetqexenqmuoetehquqdsoode,quahqnle
f oqletqluahqiaqOiv'nqleuhquahqnushqgeaodx:

“Sqmunqveuasagqpitqoleqbeno,qOivyqUah,qOiv,qsoq_hsh_qhiqxi qgiihy”

Oivqdiirehq fqsaqletqpuceqmsolqz noquqfetcefosbdeqomsardeqfeefsag
olti glqlsnqgtuksoxy

“Sqraimqxi qmunqveuasagqpitqoleqbeno,qu aox,quahqniqmunqSqmsolqFeoetyqSo
hiaeq_lsv_qgiih,qoiiyqSqaeketqneeqlsvqgeoquti ahqniqnsace--”

“Il,qgiq'diagqmsolqxi ,qOiv,qbepiteqxi quggtukuoeqvequgusayqUahqxi qotx
uahqneeqspqxi qcua'oqbequqgiihqbix,qpitqiace,quahqxi qaeeha'oqourequax
viteqvehscsaey”

OivqteuclehqncliidquleuhqipqosveyqSoqmunqaioscehqoluoqolsnqnotuageqolsag
luhqbeeaqicc ttsagqeketxqhuxqduooetdxyqUahqaim,qunq n udqipqduoe,
leql agqubi oqoleqguoeqipqoleqncliidxuthqsanoeuhqipqfduxsagqmsolqlsn
civtuhenyqLeqmunqnscr,qleqnush,quahqleqdiirehqsoyqLeqotsehqoiqneevqoi
beqdiirsagqeketxmleteqb oqmlsoletqleqteuddxqmunqdiirsag--himaqoleqtiuhy
FteneaodxqZeppqOluocletqlikeqsaqnsglo,quahqOiv'nqpuceqdsgloeh;qleqgu.eh
uqviveao,quahqoleaqo taehqnittimp ddxqumuxyqMleaqZeppquttskeh,qOiv
uccinoehqlsv;quahq“dehq f”qmutsdxqoiqiffito asosenqpitqtevutrqubi o
Becrx,qb oqoleqgshhxqduhqaeketqci dhqneeqoleqbusoyqOivqmuoclehquah
muocleh,qlifsagqmleaeketquqptsnrsagqpticrqcuveqsaqnsglo,quahqluosagqole
imaetqipqsoqunqniiaqunqleqnumqnleqmunqaioqoleqtsgloqiaeyqUoqdunoqpticrn
ceunehqoiquffeut,quahqleqhtiffehqlifedenndxqsaoiqoleqh vfn;qleqeaoeteh
oleqevfoxqncliidli nequahqnuoqhimaqoiqn ppetyqOleaqiaeqviteqpticrqfunneh
saquoqoleqguoe,quahqOiv'nqleutoqgukequqgteuoqbi ahyqOleqaejoqsanouaoqle
munqi o,quahq“gisagqia”qdsrequaqSahsua;qxeddsag,qdu glsag,qclunsagqbixn,
z vfsagqiketqoleqpeacequoqtsnrqipqdspequahqdsvb,qoltimsagqluahnftsagn,
nouahsagqiaqlsnqleuh--hisagquddqoleqletiscqolsagnqleqci dhqciaceskeqip,
uahqreefsagquqp toskeqexeqi o,quddqoleqmlsde,qoiqneeqspqBecrxqOluoclet
munqaioscsagyqB oqnleqneevehqoiqbeq aciancsi nqipqsoqudd;qnleqaeket
diirehyqCi dhqsoqbeqfinnsbdeqoluoqnleqmunqaioqumuteqoluoqleqmunqolete?
Leqcuttsehqlsnqejfdisonqoiqletqsvvehsuoeqkscsasox;qcuveqmut-mliifsag
uti ah,qnauoclehquqbix'nqcuf,ql tdehqsoqoiqoleqtiipqipqoleqncliidli ne,
btireqolti glquqgti fqipqbixn,qo vbdsagqolevqsaqeketxqhstecosia,quah
peddqnftumdsag,qlsvnedp,q ahetqBecrx'nqaine,qudvinoq fneoosagqlet--uah
nleqo taeh,qmsolqletqaineqsaqolequst,quahqleqleuthqletqnux:q“Vp!qnive
feifdeqolsarqolex'teqvsgloxqnvuto--udmuxnqnlimsagqipp!”

Oiv'nqcleernqb taehyqLeqguoletehqlsvnedpq fquahqnaeurehqipp,qct nlehquah
ctenopuddeay




CLUFOETqJSSS

OIV'Nqvsahqmunqvuheq fqaimyqLeqmunqgdiivxquahqhenfetuoeyqLeqmunqu
pitnurea,qptseahdennqbix,qleqnush;qaibihxqdikehqlsv;qmleaqolexqpi ahqi o
mluoqolexqluhqhtskeaqlsvqoi,qfetlufnqolexqmi dhqbeqnittx;qleqluhqotseh
oiqhiqtsgloquahqgeoqudiag,qb oqolexqmi dhqaioqdeoqlsv;qnsaceqaiolsag
mi dhqhiqolevqb oqoiqbeqtshqipqlsv,qdeoqsoqbeqni;quahqdeoqolevqbduve
_lsv_qpitqoleqcianew eacen--mlxqnli dha'oqolex?qMluoqtsgloqluhqole
ptseahdennqoiqcivfdusa?qXen,qolexqluhqpitcehqlsvqoiqsoquoqduno:qleqmi dh
deuhquqdspeqipqctsveyqOleteqmunqaiqcliscey

BxqolsnqosveqleqmunqputqhimaqVeuhimqDuae,quahqoleqbeddqpitqncliidqoi
“oureq f”qosardehqpusaodxq fiaqlsnqeutyqLeqnibbeh,qaim,qoiqolsarqle
nli dhqaeket,qaeketqleutqoluoqidhqpuvsdsutqni ahquaxqvite--soqmunqketx
luth,qb oqsoqmunqpitcehqiaqlsv;qnsaceqleqmunqhtskeaqi oqsaoiqoleqcidh
mitdh,qleqv noqn bvso--b oqleqpitgukeqolevyqOleaqoleqnibnqcuveqolscrquah
punoy

Z noquoqolsnqfisaoqleqveoqlsnqni d'nqnmitaqcivtuhe,qZie
Lutfet--luth-exeh,quahqmsolqeksheaodxquqgteuoquahqhsnvudqf tfineqsaqlsn
leutoyqFdusadxqleteqmeteq“omiqni dnqmsolqb oquqnsagdeqoli gloy”qOiv,
msfsagqlsnqexenqmsolqlsnqndeeke,qbeguaqoiqbd bbetqi oqniveolsagqubi o
uqtenid osiaqoiqencufeqptivqluthq nugequahqducrqipqnxvfuolxquoqliveqbx
tiuvsagqubtiuhqsaoiqoleqgteuoqmitdhqaeketqoiqteo ta;quahqeahehqbxqlifsag
oluoqZieqmi dhqaioqpitgeoqlsvy

B oqsoqotuanfstehqoluoqolsnqmunquqtew enoqmlsclqZieqluhqz noqbeeaqgisag
oiqvureqipqOiv,quahqluhqciveqoiql aoqlsvq fqpitqoluoqf tfineyqLsnqviolet
luhqmlsffehqlsvqpitqhtsarsagqniveqcteuvqmlsclqleqluhqaeketqounoehquah
raemqaiolsagqubi o;qsoqmunqfdusaqoluoqnleqmunqostehqipqlsvquahqmsnleh
lsvqoiqgi;qspqnleqpedoqoluoqmux,qoleteqmunqaiolsagqpitqlsvqoiqhiqb o
n cc vb;qleqlifehqnleqmi dhqbeqluffx,quahqaeketqtegteoqluksagqhtskeaqlet
fiitqbixqi oqsaoiqoleq apeedsagqmitdhqoiqn ppetquahqhsey

Unqoleqomiqbixnqmudrehqnittimsagqudiag,qolexqvuhequqaemqcivfucoqoiqnouah
bxqeuclqioletquahqbeqbtioletnquahqaeketqnefutuoeqosddqheuolqtedsekeh
olevqipqolestqoti bdenyqOleaqolexqbeguaqoiqduxqolestqfduanyqZieqmunqpit
besagquqletvso,quahqdsksagqiaqct nonqsaquqtevioeqcuke,quahqhxsag,
niveqosve,qipqcidhquahqmuaoquahqgtsep;qb oqupoetqdsnoeasagqoiqOiv,qle
ciacehehqoluoqoleteqmeteqniveqcianfsc i nquhkuaougenqubi oquqdspeqip
ctsve,quahqniqleqcianeaoehqoiqbequqfstuoey

OlteeqvsdenqbedimqNoyqFeoetnb tg,quoquqfisaoqmleteqoleqVsnnsnnsffsqTsket
munquqotspdeqiketquqvsdeqmshe,qoleteqmunquqdiag,qauttim,qmiihehqsnduah,
msolquqnluddimqbutquoqoleqleuhqipqso,quahqolsnqippetehqmeddqunqu
teahe.ki nyqSoqmunqaioqsalubsoeh;qsoqduxqputqiketqoimuthqoleqp tolet
nlite,qubteunoquqheanequahqudvinoqmliddxq afeifdehqpitenoyqNiqZucrnia'n
SnduahqmunqclineayqMliqmeteqoiqbeqoleqn bzeconqipqolestqfstucsenqmunqu
vuooetqoluoqhshqaioqicc tqoiqolevyqOleaqolexql aoehq fqL crdebettxqPsaa,
uahqleqzisaehqolevqftivfodx,qpitquddqcuteetnqmeteqiaeqoiqlsv;qleqmun
sahsppeteaoyqOlexqfteneaodxqnefutuoehqoiqveeoquoquqdiaedxqnfioqiaqole
tsket-buarqomiqvsdenqubikeqoleqksddugequoqoleqpukitsoeqli t--mlsclqmun
vshasgloyqOleteqmunquqnvuddqdigqtupoqoleteqmlsclqolexqveuaoqoiqcufo tey
Euclqmi dhqbtsagqliirnquahqdsaen,quahqn clqftiksnsiaqunqleqci dhqnoeud
saqoleqvinoqhutrquahqvxnoetsi nqmux--unqbecuveqi odumnyqUahqbepiteqole
upoetaiiaqmunqhiae,qolexqluhquddqvuaugehqoiqeazixqoleqnmeeoqgditxqip
nfteuhsagqoleqpucoqoluoqfteooxqniiaqoleqoimaqmi dhq“leutqniveolsagy”qUdd
mliqgioqolsnqkug eqlsaoqmeteqcu osiaehqoiq“beqv vquahqmusoy”

Ubi oqvshasgloqOivquttskehqmsolquqbisdehqluvquahquqpemqotspden,
uahqnoiffehqsaquqheaneq ahetgtimolqiaquqnvuddqbd ppqiketdiirsagqole
veeosag-fduceyqSoqmunqnoutdsglo,quahqketxqnosddyqOleqvsgloxqtsketqdux
dsrequaqiceuaquoqtenoyqOivqdsnoeaehquqviveao,qb oqaiqni ahqhsno tbehqole
w seoyqOleaqleqgukequqdim,qhsnosacoqmlsnodeyqSoqmunquanmetehqptivq ahet
oleqbd ppyqOivqmlsnodehqomsceqvite;qoleneqnsgaudnqmetequanmetehqsaqole
nuveqmuxyqOleaquqg uthehqkisceqnush:

“Mliqgienqolete?”

“OivqNumxet,qoleqBducrqUkeagetqipqoleqNfuasnlqVusayqAuveqxi tqauveny”

“L crqPsaaqoleqTeh-Luaheh,quahqZieqLutfetqoleqOettitqipqoleqNeuny”qOiv
luhqp tasnlehqoleneqosoden,qptivqlsnqpukitsoeqdsoetuo tey

“'OsnqmeddyqGskeqoleqci aoetnsgay”

Omiqliutneqmlsnfetnqhedsketehqoleqnuveqump dqmithqnsv douaei ndxqoiqole
btiihsagqasglo:

“_Bdiih_!”

OleaqOivqo vbdehqlsnqluvqiketqoleqbd ppquahqdeoqlsvnedpqhimaqupoetqso,
oeutsagqbiolqnrsaquahqcdiolenqoiqniveqejoeaoqsaqoleqeppitoyqOleteqmun
uaqeunx,qcivpitoubdeqfuolqudiagqoleqnliteq ahetqoleqbd pp,qb oqsoqducreh
olequhkuaougenqipqhsppsc doxquahqhuagetqniqkud ehqbxquqfstuoey

OleqOettitqipqoleqNeunqluhqbti gloquqnsheqipqbucia,quahqluhqubi oqmita
lsvnedpqi oqmsolqgeoosagqsoqoleteyqPsaaqoleqTeh-Luahehqluhqnoideaqu
nrsddeoquahquqw uaosoxqipqludp-c tehqdeupqoibucci,quahqluhqudniqbti glo
uqpemqcita-cibnqoiqvureqfsfenqmsolyqB oqaiaeqipqoleqfstuoenqnvirehqit
“clemeh”qb oqlsvnedpyqOleqBducrqUkeagetqipqoleqNfuasnlqVusaqnushqso
mi dhqaeketqhiqoiqnoutoqmsoli oqniveqpsteyqOluoqmunquqmsneqoli glo;
vuoclenqmeteqluthdxqraimaqoleteqsaqoluoqhuxyqOlexqnumquqpsteqnvi dhetsag
 fiaquqgteuoqtupoquql ahtehqxuthnqubike,quahqolexqmeaoqnoeudolsdx
olsoletquahqledfehqolevnedkenqoiquqcl aryqOlexqvuhequaqsvfinsag
uhkeao teqipqso,qnuxsag,q“Lsno!”qeketxqaimquahqolea,quahqn hheadx
ludosagqmsolqpsagetqiaqdsf;qviksagqmsolqluahnqiaqsvugsautxqhugget-lsdon;
uahqgsksagqithetnqsaqhsnvudqmlsnfetnqoluoqspq“oleqpie”qnostteh,qoiq“deo
lsvqlukeqsoqoiqoleqlsdo,”qbecu neq“heuhqveaqoeddqaiqoudeny”qOlexqraem
meddqeai glqoluoqoleqtuponveaqmetequddqhimaquoqoleqksddugeqduxsag
saqnoitenqitqluksagquqnftee,qb oqnosddqoluoqmunqaiqejc neqpitqolest
ciah cosagqolsnqolsagqsaquaq afstuoscudqmuxy

Olexqnlikehqipp,qfteneaodx,qOivqsaqcivvuah,qL crquoqolequpoetqiutquah
ZiequoqoleqpitmuthyqOivqnoiihquvshnlsfn,qgdiivx-btimeh,quahqmsolqpidheh
utvn,quahqgukeqlsnqithetnqsaquqdim,qnoetaqmlsnfet:

“D pp,quahqbtsagqletqoiqoleqmsah!”

“Uxe-uxe,qnst!”

“Noeuhx,qnoeuhx-x-x-x!”

“Noeuhxqsoqsn,qnst!”

“Deoqletqgiqippquqfisao!”

“Fisaoqsoqsn,qnst!”

Unqoleqbixnqnoeuhsdxquahqviaioiai ndxqhtikeqoleqtupoqoimuthqvsh-noteuv
soqmunqaiqhi boq ahetnoiihqoluoqoleneqithetnqmeteqgskeaqiadxqpit
“noxde,”quahqmeteqaioqsaoeahehqoiqveuaquaxolsagqsaqfutosc duty

“Mluoqnusd'nqnleqcuttxsag?”

“Ci tnen,qoifn'dn,quahqpdxsag-zsb,qnsty”

“Neahqoleqt'xudnq f!qDuxqi oqudipo,qolete,qludpquqhi.eaqip
xe--piteoifvunono an'd!qDskedx,qaim!”

“Uxe-uxe,qnst!”

“Nlureqi oqoluoqvusaoiguduan'd!qNleeonquahqbtucen!q_aim_qvxqleutosen!”

“Uxe-uxe,qnst!”

“Ledd v-u-dee--luthquqfito!qNouahqbxqoiqveeoqletqmleaqnleqciven!qFito,
fito!q_Aim_,qvea!qMsolquqmsdd!qNoeuh-x-x-x!”

“Noeuhxqsoqsn,qnst!”

Oleqtupoqhtemqbexiahqoleqvshhdeqipqoleqtsket;qoleqbixnqfisaoehqletqleuh
tsglo,quahqoleaqduxqiaqolestqiutnyqOleqtsketqmunqaioqlsgl,qniqoleteqmun
aioqviteqoluaquqomiqitqolteeqvsdeqc tteaoyqLuthdxquqmithqmunqnushqh tsag
oleqaejoqoltee-w utoetnqipquaqli tyqAimqoleqtupoqmunqfunnsagqbepite
oleqhsnouaoqoimayqOmiqitqolteeqgdsvvetsagqdsglonqnlimehqmleteqsoqdux,
feucep ddxqndeefsag,qbexiahqoleqkug eqkunoqnmeefqipqnout-gevvehqmuoet,
 aciancsi nqipqoleqoteveahi nqekeaoqoluoqmunqluffeasagyqOleqBducr
Ukeagetqnoiihqnosddqmsolqpidhehqutvn,q“diirsagqlsnqduno”q fiaqoleqnceae
ipqlsnqpitvetqzixnquahqlsnqduoetqn ppetsagn,quahqmsnlsagq“nle”qci dhqnee
lsvqaim,qubtiuhqiaqoleqmsdhqneu,qpucsagqfetsdquahqheuolqmsolqhu aodenn
leuto,qgisagqoiqlsnqhiivqmsolquqgtsvqnvsdeqiaqlsnqdsfnyqSoqmunqb o
uqnvuddqnotusaqiaqlsnqsvugsauosiaqoiqtevikeqZucrnia'nqSnduahqbexiah
exe-nlioqipqoleqksdduge,quahqniqleq“diirehqlsnqduno”qmsolquqbtireaquah
nuosnpsehqleutoyqOleqioletqfstuoenqmeteqdiirsagqolestqduno,qoii;quah
olexquddqdiirehqniqdiagqoluoqolexqcuveqaeutqdeoosagqoleqc tteaoqhtspo
olevqi oqipqoleqtuageqipqoleqsnduahyqB oqolexqhsnciketehqoleqhuagetqsa
osve,quahqvuheqnlspoqoiquketoqsoyqUbi oqomiqi'cdicrqsaqoleqvitasagqole
tupoqgti ahehqiaqoleqbutqomiql ahtehqxuthnqubikeqoleqleuhqipqoleqsnduah,
uahqolexqmuhehqbucrquahqpitolq aosdqolexqluhqduahehqolestqptesgloyqFuto
ipqoleqdsoodeqtupo'nqbediagsagnqciansnoehqipquaqidhqnusd,quahqolsnqolex
nfteuhqiketquqaiirqsaqoleqb nlenqpitquqoeaoqoiqnledoetqolestqftiksnsian;
b oqolexqolevnedkenqmi dhqndeefqsaqoleqifeaqustqsaqgiihqmeuolet,qun
becuveqi odumny

Olexqb sdoquqpstequgusanoqoleqnsheqipquqgteuoqdigqomeaoxqitqolstoxqnoefn
msolsaqoleqnivbteqhefolnqipqoleqpiteno,quahqoleaqciirehqniveqbuciaqsa
oleqptxsag-fuaqpitqn ffet,quahq nehq fqludpqipqoleqcitaq“fiae”qnoicr
olexqluhqbti gloyqSoqneevehqgditsi nqnfitoqoiqbeqpeunosagqsaqoluoqmsdh,
pteeqmuxqsaqoleqkstgsaqpitenoqipquaq aejfditehquahq asalubsoehqsnduah,
putqptivqoleqlu aonqipqvea,quahqolexqnushqolexqaeketqmi dhqteo taqoi
csksds.uosiayqOleqcdsvbsagqpsteqdsoq fqolestqpucenquahqoltemqsonqt hhx
gduteq fiaqoleqfsddutehqotee-ot arnqipqolestqpitenoqoevfde,quahq fiaqole
kutasnlehqpidsugequahqpenoiiasagqksaeny

Mleaqoleqdunoqctsnfqndsceqipqbuciaqmunqgiae,quahqoleqdunoquddimuace
ipqcitaqfiaeqheki teh,qoleqbixnqnoteoclehqolevnedkenqi oqiaqoleqgtunn,
psddehqmsolqciaoeaoveaoyqOlexqci dhqlukeqpi ahquqciidetqfduce,qb o
olexqmi dhqaioqheaxqolevnedkenqn clquqtivuaoscqpeuo tequnqoleqtiunosag
cuvfpstey

“_Usa'o_qsoqgux?”qnushqZiey

“So'nq_a on_!”qnushqOivyq“Mluoqmi dhqoleqbixnqnuxqspqolexqci dhqneeq n?”

“Nux?qMedd,qolex'hqz noqhseqoiqbeqlete--lex,qL crx!”

“Sqtecriaqni,”qnushqL crdebettx;q“uaxmuxn,qS'vqn soehyqSqhia'oqmuao
aiolsagqbeooet'aqolsnyqSqhia'oqeketqgeoqeai glqoiqeuo,qgea'uddx--uahqlete
olexqcua'oqcivequahqfscrquoquqpeddetquahqb ddxtugqlsvqniy”

“So'nqz noqoleqdspeqpitqve,”qnushqOivyq“Xi qhia'oqlukeqoiqgeoq f,
vitasagn,quahqxi qhia'oqlukeqoiqgiqoiqncliid,quahqmunl,quahquddqoluo
bduveqpiidsnlaennyqXi qneequqfstuoeqhia'oqlukeqoiqhiq_uaxolsag_,qZie,
mleaqle'nqunlite,qb oquqletvsoq_le_qlunqoiqbeqftuxsagqcianshetubde,quah
oleaqleqhia'oqlukequaxqp a,quaxmux,quddqbxqlsvnedpqoluoqmuxy”

“Ilqxen,qoluo'nqni,”qnushqZie,q“b oqSqluha'oqoli gloqv clqubi oqso,qxi 
raimyqS'hquqgiihqheudqtuoletqbequqfstuoe,qaimqoluoqS'keqotsehqsoy”

“Xi qnee,”qnushqOiv,q“feifdeqhia'oqgiqv clqiaqletvson,qaimuhuxn,qdsre
olexq nehqoiqsaqidhqosven,qb oquqfstuoe'nqudmuxnqtenfecoehyqUah
uqletvso'nqgioqoiqndeefqiaqoleqluthenoqfduceqleqcuaqpsah,quahqf o
nucrcdiolquahqunlenqiaqlsnqleuh,quahqnouahqi oqsaqoleqtusa,quah--”

“Mluoqhienqleqf oqnucrcdiolquahqunlenqiaqlsnqleuhqpit?”qsaw stehqL cry

“SqhiaiyqB oqolex'keq_gio_qoiqhiqsoyqLetvsonqudmuxnqhiyqXi 'hqlukeqoiqhi
oluoqspqxi qmunquqletvsoy”

“Heta'hqspqSqmi dh,”qnushqL cry

“Medd,qmluoqmi dhqxi qhi?”

“SqhiaiyqB oqSqmi dha'oqhiqoluoy”

“Mlx,qL cr,qxi 'hq_luke_qoiyqLim'hqxi qgeoquti ahqso?”

“Mlx,qSqz noqmi dha'oqnouahqsoyqS'hqt aqumuxy”

“T aqumux!qMedd,qxi q_mi dh_qbequqasceqidhqndi clqipquqletvsoyqXi 'hqbe
uqhsngtucey”

OleqTeh-Luahehqvuheqaiqtenfiane,qbesagqbeooetqevfdixehyqLeqluhqpsasnleh
gi gsagqi oquqcib,quahqaimqleqpsooehquqmeehqnoevqoiqso,qdiuhehqsoqmsol
oibucci,quahqmunqftennsagquqciudqoiqoleqclutgequahqbdimsagquqcdi hqip
ptugtuaoqnvire--leqmunqsaqoleqp ddqbdiivqipqd j tsi nqciaoeaoveaoyqOle
ioletqfstuoenqeaksehqlsvqolsnqvuzenoscqksce,quahqnecteodxqtenidkehqoi
ucw steqsoqnlitodxyqFteneaodxqL crqnush:

“Mluoqhienqfstuoenqlukeqoiqhi?”

Oivqnush:

“Il,qolexqlukeqz noquqb ddxqosve--oureqnlsfnquahqb taqolev,quahqgeoqole
viaexquahqb txqsoqsaqump dqfducenqsaqolestqsnduahqmleteqolete'nqglinon
uahqolsagnqoiqmuoclqso,quahqrsddqeketxbihxqsaqoleqnlsfn--vureq'evqmudrqu
fduary”

“Uahqolexqcuttxqoleqmiveaqoiqoleqsnduah,”qnushqZie;q“olexqhia'oqrsddqole
miveay”

“Ai,”qunneaoehqOiv,q“olexqhia'oqrsddqoleqmivea--olex'teqoiiqaibdeyqUah
oleqmivea'nqudmuxnqbeu osp d,qoiiy

“Uahqhia'oqolexqmeutqoleqb ddsenoqcdiolen!qIlqai!qUddqgidhquahqnsdket
uahqhs'viahn,”qnushqZie,qmsolqeaol nsunvy

“Mli?”qnushqL cry

“Mlx,qoleqfstuoeny”

L crqncuaaehqlsnqimaqcdiolsagqpitditadxy

“SqtecriaqSqusa'oqhtennehqpsooeaqpitquqfstuoe,”qnushqle,qmsolqu
tegteop dqfuolinqsaqlsnqkisce;q“b oqSqusa'oqgioqaiaeqb oqoleney”

B oqoleqioletqbixnqoidhqlsvqoleqpsaeqcdiolenqmi dhqciveqpunoqeai gl,
upoetqolexqnli dhqlukeqbeg aqolestquhkeao tenyqOlexqvuheqlsvq ahetnouah
oluoqlsnqfiitqtugnqmi dhqhiqoiqbegsaqmsol,qoli glqsoqmunqc noivutxqpit
meudolxqfstuoenqoiqnoutoqmsolquqftifetqmuthtibey

Gtuh uddxqolestqoudrqhsehqi oquahqhtimnsaennqbeguaqoiqnoeudq fiaqole
exedshnqipqoleqdsoodeqmuspnyqOleqfsfeqhtiffehqptivqoleqpsagetnqipqole
Teh-Luaheh,quahqleqndefoqoleqndeefqipqoleqciancseace-pteequahqoleqmeutxy
OleqOettitqipqoleqNeunquahqoleqBducrqUkeagetqipqoleqNfuasnlqVusaqluh
viteqhsppsc doxqsaqgeoosagqoiqndeefyqOlexqnushqolestqftuxetnqsamuthdx,
uahqdxsagqhima,qnsaceqoleteqmunqaibihxqoleteqmsolqu olitsoxqoiqvureqolev
raeedquahqtecsoequdi h;qsaqot ol,qolexqluhquqvsahqaioqoiqnuxqolevquo
udd,qb oqolexqmetequptushqoiqfticeehqoiqn clqdeagolnqunqoluo,qdenoqolex
vsgloqcuddqhimaquqn hheaquahqnfecsudqol ahetbidoqptivqleukeayqOleaquo
iaceqolexqteuclehquahqliketehq fiaqoleqsvvsaeaoqketgeqipqndeef--b oqua
saot hetqcuve,qaim,qoluoqmi dhqaioq“himay”qSoqmunqciancseaceyqOlexqbegua
oiqpeedquqkug eqpeutqoluoqolexqluhqbeeaqhisagqmtiagqoiqt aqumux;quah
aejoqolexqoli gloqipqoleqnoideaqveuo,quahqoleaqoleqteudqoito teqcuvey
Olexqotsehqoiqutg eqsoqumuxqbxqtevsahsagqciancseaceqoluoqolexqluh
f tdisaehqnmeeoveuonquahquffdenqncitenqipqosven;qb oqciancseaceqmunqaio
oiqbequffeunehqbxqn clqolsaqfdu nsbsdsosen;qsoqneevehqoiqolev,qsaqole
eah,qoluoqoleteqmunqaiqgeoosagquti ahqoleqno bbitaqpucoqoluoqoursag
nmeeoveuonqmunqiadxq“liirsag,”qmlsdeqoursagqbuciaquahqluvnquahqn cl
kud ubdenqmunqfdusaqnsvfdeqnoeudsag--uahqoleteqmunquqcivvuahqugusanoqoluo
saqoleqBsbdeyqNiqolexqsamuthdxqtenidkehqoluoqniqdiagqunqolexqtevusaehqsa
oleqb nsaenn,qolestqfstucsenqnli dhqaioqugusaqbeqn ddsehqmsolqole
ctsveqipqnoeudsagyqOleaqciancseaceqgtuaoehquqot ce,quahqoleneqc tsi ndx
saciansnoeaoqfstuoenqpeddqfeucep ddxqoiqndeefy




CLUFOETqJSK

MLEAqOivqumireqsaqoleqvitasag,qleqmiahetehqmleteqleqmunyqLeqnuoq fquah
t bbehqlsnqexenquahqdiirehquti ahyqOleaqleqcivfteleahehyqSoqmunqoleqciid
gtuxqhuma,quahqoleteqmunquqhedscsi nqneaneqipqtefinequahqfeuceqsaqole
heefqfetkuhsagqcudvquahqnsdeaceqipqoleqmiihnyqAioquqdeupqnostteh;qaio
uqni ahqibot hehq fiaqgteuoqAuo te'nqvehsouosiayqBeuhehqhemhtifnqnoiih
 fiaqoleqdeukenquahqgtunnenyqUqmlsoeqduxetqipqunlenqciketehqoleqpste,
uahquqolsaqbd eqbteuolqipqnvireqtineqnotusgloqsaoiqolequstyqZiequahqL cr
nosddqndefoy

Aim,qputqumuxqsaqoleqmiihnquqbsthqcuddeh;quaioletquanmeteh;qfteneaodx
oleqluvvetsagqipquqmiihfecretqmunqleuthyqGtuh uddxqoleqciidqhsvqgtux
ipqoleqvitasagqmlsoeaeh,quahqunqgtuh uddxqni ahnqv dosfdsehquahqdspe
vuaspenoehqsonedpyqOleqvutkedqipqAuo teqnlursagqippqndeefquahqgisag
oiqmitrq apidhehqsonedpqoiqoleqv nsagqbixyqUqdsoodeqgteeaqmitvqcuve
ctumdsagqiketquqhemxqdeup,qdsposagqomi-olsthnqipqlsnqbihxqsaoiqolequst
ptivqosveqoiqosvequahq“nasppsagquti ah,”qoleaqfticeehsagqugusa--pitqle
munqveun tsag,qOivqnush;quahqmleaqoleqmitvqufftiuclehqlsv,qipqsonqima
uccith,qleqnuoqunqnosddqunquqnoiae,qmsolqlsnqlifenqtsnsagquahqpuddsag,
bxqo tan,qunqoleqcteuo teqnosddqcuveqoimuthqlsvqitqneevehqsacdsaehqoi
giqednemlete;quahqmleaquoqdunoqsoqcianshetehquqfusap dqviveaoqmsolqson
c tkehqbihxqsaqolequstquahqoleaqcuveqhecsnskedxqhimaq fiaqOiv'nqdegquah
beguaquqzi taexqiketqlsv,qlsnqmlideqleutoqmunqgduh--pitqoluoqveuaoqoluo
leqmunqgisagqoiqlukequqaemqn soqipqcdiolen--msoli oqoleqnluhimqipqu
hi boquqgu hxqfstuoscudq aspitvyqAimquqfticennsiaqipquaonquffeuteh,
ptivqaimleteqsaqfutosc dut,quahqmeaoqubi oqolestqdubitn;qiaeqnot ggdeh
vuap ddxqbxqmsolquqheuhqnfshetqpskeqosvenqunqbsgqunqsonedpqsaqsonqutvn,
uahqd ggehqsoqnotusgloq fquqotee-ot aryqUqbtimaqnfiooehqduhx-b gqcdsvbeh
oleqhs..xqlesgloqipquqgtunnqbduhe,quahqOivqbeaoqhimaqcdineqoiqsoquah
nush,q“Duhx-b g,qduhx-b g,qpdxqumuxqlive,qxi tqli neqsnqiaqpste,qxi t
clsdhtea'nqudiae,”quahqnleqoiirqmsagquahqmeaoqippqoiqneequbi oqso--mlscl
hshqaioqn tftsneqoleqbix,qpitqleqraemqipqidhqoluoqolsnqsanecoqmun
cteh di nqubi oqciapdugtuosian,quahqleqluhqftucosnehq fiaqsonqnsvfdscsox
viteqoluaqiaceyqUqo vbdeb gqcuveqaejo,qleuksagqno thsdxquoqsonqbudd,quah
Oivqoi clehqoleqcteuo te,qoiqneeqsoqnl oqsonqdegnqugusanoqsonqbihx
uahqfteoeahqoiqbeqheuhyqOleqbsthnqmeteqpustdxqtsiosagqbxqolsnqosveyqU
cuobsth,qoleqAitoletaqvicret,qdsoqsaquqoteeqiketqOiv'nqleuh,quahqotsddeh
i oqletqsvsouosianqipqletqaesglbitnqsaquqtufo teqipqeazixveao;qolea
uqnltsddqzuxqnmefoqhima,quqpdunlqipqbd eqpduve,quahqnoiffehqiaquqomsg
udvinoqmsolsaqoleqbix'nqteucl,qcicrehqlsnqleuhqoiqiaeqnshequahqexehqole
notuagetnqmsolquqcian vsagqc tsinsox;quqgtuxqnw sttedquahquqbsgqpeddim
ipqoleq“pij”qrsahqcuveqnr ttxsagqudiag,qnsoosagq fquoqsaoetkudnqoi
sanfecoquahqcluooetquoqoleqbixn,qpitqoleqmsdhqolsagnqluhqftibubdxqaeket
neeaquql vuaqbesagqbepitequahqncutcedxqraemqmleoletqoiqbequptushqitqaioy
UddqAuo teqmunqmshequmurequahqnosttsag,qaim;qdiagqduacenqipqn adsglo
fsetcehqhimaqolti glqoleqheaneqpidsugeqputquahqaeut,quahquqpem
b ooetpdsenqcuveqpd ooetsagq fiaqoleqnceaey

Oivqnosttehq fqoleqioletqfstuoenquahqolexquddqcduooetehqumuxqmsol
uqnli o,quahqsaquqvsa oeqitqomiqmeteqnotsffehquahqclunsagqupoetquah
o vbdsagqiketqeuclqioletqsaqoleqnluddimqdsvfshqmuoetqipqoleqmlsoe
nuahbutyqOlexqpedoqaiqdiagsagqpitqoleqdsoodeqksddugeqndeefsagqsaqole
hsnouaceqbexiahqoleqvuzenoscqmunoeqipqmuoetyqUqkugtuaoqc tteaoqitqu
ndsgloqtsneqsaqoleqtsketqluhqcuttsehqippqolestqtupo,qb oqolsnqiadx
gtuospsehqolev,qnsaceqsonqgisagqmunqniveolsagqdsreqb tasagqoleqbtshge
beomeeaqolevquahqcsksds.uosiay

Olexqcuveqbucrqoiqcuvfqmiahetp ddxqteptenleh,qgduh-leutoeh,quah
tukeai n;quahqolexqniiaqluhqoleqcuvf-psteqbdu.sagq fqugusayqL crqpi ahqu
nftsagqipqcdeutqcidhqmuoetqcdineqbx,quahqoleqbixnqvuheqc fnqipqbtiuhqiur
itqlscritxqdeuken,quahqpedoqoluoqmuoet,qnmeeoeaehqmsolqn clquqmsdhmiih
clutvqunqoluo,qmi dhqbequqgiihqeai glqn bnoso oeqpitqcippeeyqMlsdeqZie
munqndscsagqbuciaqpitqbteurpuno,qOivquahqL crqunrehqlsvqoiqlidhqiaqu
vsa oe;qolexqnoeffehqoiquqftivsnsagqaiirqsaqoleqtsket-buarquahqoltemqsa
olestqdsaen;qudvinoqsvvehsuoedxqolexqluhqtemuthyqZieqluhqaioqluhqosve
oiqgeoqsvfuoseaoqbepiteqolexqmeteqbucrqugusaqmsolqniveqluahniveqbunn,
uqci fdeqipqn a-fetclquahquqnvuddqcuopsnl--ftiksnsianqeai glqpitqw soequ
puvsdxyqOlexqptsehqoleqpsnlqmsolqoleqbucia,quahqmetequnoiasnleh;qpit
aiqpsnlqluhqeketqneevehqniqhedscsi nqbepiteyqOlexqhshqaioqraimqoluoqole
w scretquqptenl-muoetqpsnlqsnqiaqoleqpstequpoetqleqsnqcu gloqoleqbeooet
leqsn;quahqolexqtepdecoehqdsoodeq fiaqmluoquqnu ceqifea-ustqndeefsag,
ifea-ustqejetcsne,qbuolsag,quahquqdutgeqsagtehseaoqipql agetqvure,qoiiy

Olexqduxquti ahqsaqoleqnluhe,qupoetqbteurpuno,qmlsdeqL crqluhquqnvire,
uahqoleaqmeaoqippqolti glqoleqmiihnqiaquaqejfditsagqejfehsosiayqOlex
otuvfehqguxdxqudiag,qiketqhecuxsagqdign,qolti glqouagdehq ahetbt nl,
uviagqnidevaqviautclnqipqoleqpiteno,ql agqptivqolestqctimanqoiqole
gti ahqmsolquqhtiifsagqtegudsuqipqgtufe-ksaenyqAimquahqoleaqolexqcuve
 fiaqna gqaiirnqcutfeoehqmsolqgtunnquahqzemedehqmsolqpdimetny

Olexqpi ahqfdeaoxqipqolsagnqoiqbeqhedsgloehqmsol,qb oqaiolsagqoiqbe
unoiasnlehquoyqOlexqhsnciketehqoluoqoleqsnduahqmunqubi oqolteeqvsden
diagquahquqw utoetqipquqvsdeqmshe,quahqoluoqoleqnliteqsoqduxqcdinenoqoi
munqiadxqnefutuoehqptivqsoqbxquqauttimqcluaaedqluthdxqomiql ahtehqxuthn
msheyqOlexqoiirquqnmsvqubi oqeketxqli t,qniqsoqmunqcdineq fiaqoleqvshhde
ipqolequpoetaiiaqmleaqolexqgioqbucrqoiqcuvfyqOlexqmeteqoiiql agtxqoi
noifqoiqpsnl,qb oqolexqputehqn vfo i ndxq fiaqcidhqluv,quahqoleaqoltem
olevnedkenqhimaqsaqoleqnluheqoiqoudryqB oqoleqoudrqniiaqbeguaqoiqhtug,
uahqoleaqhsehyqOleqnosddaenn,qoleqnidevasoxqoluoqbtiihehqsaqoleqmiihn,
uahqoleqneaneqipqdiaedsaenn,qbeguaqoiqoeddq fiaqoleqnfstsonqipqoleqbixny
OlexqpeddqoiqolsarsagyqUqnitoqipq ahepsaehqdiagsagqctefoq fiaqolevyqOlsn
oiirqhsvqnlufe,qfteneaodx--soqmunqb hhsagqlivenscraennyqEkeaqPsaaqole
Teh-LuahehqmunqhteuvsagqipqlsnqhiitnoefnquahqevfoxqlignleuhnyqB oqolex
metequddqunluvehqipqolestqmeuraenn,quahqaiaeqmunqbtukeqeai glqoiqnfeur
lsnqoli gloy

Pitqniveqosve,qaim,qoleqbixnqluhqbeeaqh ddxqciancsi nqipquqfec dsut
ni ahqsaqoleqhsnouace,qz noqunqiaeqniveosvenqsnqipqoleqoscrsagqipqu
cdicrqmlsclqleqourenqaiqhsnosacoqaioeqipyqB oqaimqolsnqvxnoetsi nqni ah
becuveqviteqftiai aceh,quahqpitcehquqtecigasosiayqOleqbixnqnoutoeh,
gduacehquoqeuclqiolet,quahqoleaqeuclqunn vehquqdsnoeasagquooso heyqOlete
munquqdiagqnsdeace,qftipi ahquahq abtirea;qoleaquqheef,qn ddeaqbiivqcuve
pdiuosagqhimaqi oqipqoleqhsnouacey

“Mluoqsnqso!”qejcdusvehqZie,q ahetqlsnqbteuoly

“Sqmiahet,”qnushqOivqsaquqmlsnfety

“'Ousa'oqol ahet,”qnushqL crdebettx,qsaquaqumehqoiae,q“bec .qol ahet--”

“Lutr!”qnushqOivyq“Dsnoea--hia'oqoudry”

Olexqmusoehquqosveqoluoqneevehquaquge,quahqoleaqoleqnuveqv ppdehqbiiv
oti bdehqoleqnidevaql nly

“Deo'nqgiquahqneey”

Olexqnftuagqoiqolestqpeeoquahql ttsehqoiqoleqnliteqoimuthqoleqoimayqOlex
futoehqoleqb nlenqiaqoleqbuarquahqfeetehqi oqiketqoleqmuoetyqOleqdsoode
noeuvqpettx-biuoqmunqubi oquqvsdeqbedimqoleqksdduge,qhtsposagqmsolqole
c tteaoyqLetqbtiuhqhecrqneevehqctimhehqmsolqfeifdeyqOleteqmetequqgteuo
vuaxqnrsppnqtimsagqubi oqitqpdiuosagqmsolqoleqnoteuvqsaqoleqaesglbitliih
ipqoleqpettxbiuo,qb oqoleqbixnqci dhqaioqheoetvsaeqmluoqoleqveaqsa
olevqmeteqhisagyqFteneaodxquqgteuoqzeoqipqmlsoeqnvireqb tnoqptivqole
pettxbiuo'nqnshe,quahqunqsoqejfuahehquahqtineqsaquqdu.xqcdi h,qoluoqnuve
h ddqoltibqipqni ahqmunqbitaeqoiqoleqdsnoeaetnqugusay

“Sqraimqaim!”qejcdusvehqOiv;q“nivebihx'nqhtimaheh!”

“Oluo'nqso!”qnushqL cr;q“olexqhiaeqoluoqdunoqn vvet,qmleaqBsddqO taet
gioqhtimaheh;qolexqnliioquqcuaaiaqiketqoleqmuoet,quahqoluoqvuren
lsvqciveq fqoiqoleqoifyqXen,quahqolexqoureqdiukenqipqbteuhquahqf o
w scrnsdketqsaq'evquahqneoq'evqupdiuo,quahqmleteketqolete'nquaxbihx
oluo'nqhtimaheh,qolex'ddqpdiuoqtsgloqoletequahqnoify”

“Xen,qS'keqleuthqubi oqoluo,”qnushqZieyq“Sqmiahetqmluoqvurenqoleqbteuh
hiqoluoy”

“Il,qsoqusa'oqoleqbteuh,qniqv cl,”qnushqOiv;q“Sqtecriaqso'nqvinodxqmluo
olexq_nux_qiketqsoqbepiteqolexqnoutoqsoqi oy”

“B oqolexqhia'oqnuxquaxolsagqiketqso,”qnushqL cryq“S'keqneeaq'evquah
olexqhia'oy”

“Medd,qoluo'nqp aax,”qnushqOivyq“B oqvuxbeqolexqnuxqsoqoiqolevnedkenyqIp
_ci tne_qolexqhiyqUaxbihxqvsgloqraimqoluoy”

OleqioletqbixnqugteehqoluoqoleteqmunqteuniaqsaqmluoqOivqnush,qbecu ne
uaqsgaituaoqd vfqipqbteuh,q asanot coehqbxquaqsacuaouosia,qci dhqaio
beqejfecoehqoiqucoqketxqsaoeddsgeaodxqmleaqneoq fiaquaqettuahqipqn cl
gtuksoxy

“Bxqzsagn,qSqmsnlqSqmunqiketqolete,qaim,”qnushqZiey

“Sqhiqoii”qnushqL crq“S'hqgskeqleufnqoiqraimqmliqsoqsny”

OleqbixnqnosddqdsnoeaehquahqmuoclehyqFteneaodxquqtekeudsagqoli glo
pdunlehqolti glqOiv'nqvsah,quahqleqejcdusveh:

“Bixn,qSqraimqmli'nqhtimaheh--so'nq n!”

OlexqpedoqdsreqletienqsaquaqsanouaoyqLeteqmunquqgitgei nqots vfl;qolex
meteqvsnneh;qolexqmeteqvi taeh;qleutonqmeteqbteursagqiaqolestqucci ao;
oeutnqmeteqbesagqnleh;qucc nsagqvevitsenqipq arsahaennqoiqoleneqfiit
dinoqduhnqmeteqtsnsagq f,quahq aukusdsagqtegteonquahqtevitneqmeteqbesag
sah dgeh;quahqbenoqipqudd,qoleqhefutoehqmeteqoleqoudrqipqoleqmlideqoima,
uahqoleqeakxqipquddqoleqbixn,qunqputqunqolsnqhu..dsagqaioitseoxqmun
ciacetaehyqOlsnqmunqpsaeyqSoqmunqmitolqmlsdeqoiqbequqfstuoe,qupoetquddy

Unqomsdsgloqhtemqia,qoleqpettxbiuoqmeaoqbucrqoiqletqucc noivehqb nsaenn
uahqoleqnrsppnqhsnuffeutehyqOleqfstuoenqteo taehqoiqcuvfyqOlexqmete
z bsduaoqmsolqkuasoxqiketqolestqaemqgtuahe tquahqoleqsdd notsi nqoti bde
olexqmeteqvursagyqOlexqcu gloqpsnl,qciirehqn ffetquahquoeqso,quahqolea
peddqoiqg ennsagquoqmluoqoleqksddugeqmunqolsarsagquahqnuxsagqubi oqolev;
uahqoleqfsco tenqolexqhtemqipqoleqf bdscqhsnotennqiaqolestqucci aoqmete
gtuospxsagqoiqdiirq fia--ptivqolestqfisaoqipqksemyqB oqmleaqoleqnluhimn
ipqasgloqcdinehqolevqsa,qolexqgtuh uddxqceunehqoiqoudr,quahqnuoqgu.sag
saoiqoleqpste,qmsolqolestqvsahnqeksheaodxqmuahetsagqednemleteyqOle
ejcsoeveaoqmunqgiae,qaim,quahqOivquahqZieqci dhqaioqreefqbucrqoli glon
ipqcetousaqfetnianquoqliveqmliqmeteqaioqeazixsagqolsnqpsaeqptidscqun
v clqunqolexqmeteyqVsngsksagnqcuve;qolexqgtemqoti bdehquahq aluffx;qu
nsglqitqomiqencufeh,q aumutenyqBxquahqbxqZieqosvshdxqkeao tehq fiaqu
ti ahubi oq“peedet”qunqoiqlimqoleqioletnqvsgloqdiirq fiaquqteo taqoi
csksds.uosia--aioqtsgloqaim,qb o--

Oivqmsoletehqlsvqmsolqhetsnsia!qL cr,qbesagq acivvsooehqunqxeo,qzisaeh
saqmsolqOiv,quahqoleqmuketetqw scrdxq“ejfdusaeh,”quahqmunqgduhqoiqgeo
i oqipqoleqnctufeqmsolqunqdsoodeqousaoqipqclscrea-leutoehqlive-nscraenn
cdsagsagqoiqlsnqgutveaonqunqleqci dhyqV osaxqmunqeppeco uddxqdushqoi
tenoqpitqoleqviveaoy

Unqoleqasgloqheefeaeh,qL crqbeguaqoiqaih,quahqfteneaodxqoiqnaitey
ZieqpiddimehqaejoyqOivqduxq fiaqlsnqedbimqviosiadenn,qpitqniveqosve,
muoclsagqoleqomiqsaoeaodxyqUoqdunoqleqgioq fqcu osi ndx,qiaqlsnqraeen,
uahqmeaoqneutclsagquviagqoleqgtunnquahqoleqpdscretsagqtepdecosianqpd ag
bxqoleqcuvfpsteyqLeqfscrehq fquahqsanfecoehqneketudqdutgeqnevs-cxdsahetn
ipqoleqolsaqmlsoeqbutrqipquqnxcuvite,quahqpsauddxqclineqomiqmlsclqneeveh
oiqn soqlsvyqOleaqleqraedoqbxqoleqpstequahqfusap ddxqmtioeqniveolsag
 fiaqeuclqipqoleneqmsolqlsnq“tehqreed”;qiaeqleqtiddehq fquahqf oqsaqlsn
zucreoqficreo,quahqoleqioletqleqf oqsaqZie'nqluoquahqtevikehqsoqoiqu
dsoodeqhsnouaceqptivqoleqimaetyqUahqlequdniqf oqsaoiqoleqluoqcetousa
ncliidbixqoteun tenqipqudvinoqsaenosvubdeqkud e--uviagqolevquqd vfqip
cludr,quaqSahsu-t bbetqbudd,qolteeqpsnlliirn,quahqiaeqipqoluoqrsah
ipqvutbdenqraimaqunquq“n teq'ai glqctxnoudy”qOleaqleqosfoiehqlsnqmux
cu osi ndxquviagqoleqoteenqosddqleqpedoqoluoqleqmunqi oqipqleutsag,quah
notusglomuxqbtireqsaoiquqreeaqt aqsaqoleqhstecosiaqipqoleqnuahbuty




CLUFOETqJK

Uqpemqvsa oenqduoetqOivqmunqsaqoleqnliudqmuoetqipqoleqbut,qmuhsagqoimuth
oleqSddsaisnqnliteyqBepiteqoleqhefolqteuclehqlsnqvshhdeqleqmunqludpmux
iket;qoleqc tteaoqmi dhqfetvsoqaiqviteqmuhsag,qaim,qniqleqnot crqi o
ciapsheaodxqoiqnmsvqoleqtevusasagql ahtehqxuthnyqLeqnmuvqw utoetsag
 fnoteuv,qb oqnosddqmunqnmefoqhimamuthqtuoletqpunoetqoluaqleqluh
ejfecoehyqLimeket,qleqteuclehqoleqnliteqpsauddx,quahqhtspoehqudiagqosdd
leqpi ahquqdimqfducequahqhtemqlsvnedpqi oyqLeqf oqlsnqluahqiaqlsnqzucreo
ficreo,qpi ahqlsnqfseceqipqbutrqnupe,quahqoleaqnot crqolti glqoleqmiihn,
piddimsagqoleqnlite,qmsolqnoteuvsagqgutveaonyqNlitodxqbepiteqoea
i'cdicrqleqcuveqi oqsaoiquaqifeaqfduceqiffinsoeqoleqksdduge,quahqnumqole
pettxbiuoqdxsagqsaqoleqnluhimqipqoleqoteenquahqoleqlsglqbuaryqEketxolsag
munqw seoq ahetqoleqbdsarsagqnoutnyqLeqctefoqhimaqoleqbuar,qmuoclsag
msolquddqlsnqexen,qndsffehqsaoiqoleqmuoet,qnmuvqolteeqitqpi tqnotiren
uahqcdsvbehqsaoiqoleqnrsppqoluoqhshq“xumd”qh oxquoqoleqbiuo'nqnoetayqLe
dushqlsvnedpqhimaq ahetqoleqolmutonquahqmusoeh,qfuaosagy

Fteneaodxqoleqctucrehqbeddqouffehquahquqkisceqgukeqoleqithetqoiq“cuno
ippy”qUqvsa oeqitqomiqduoetqoleqnrspp'nqleuhqmunqnouahsagqlsglq f,
ugusanoqoleqbiuo'nqnmedd,quahqoleqkixugeqmunqbeg ayqOivqpedoqluffxqsa
lsnqn ccenn,qpitqleqraemqsoqmunqoleqbiuo'nqdunoqotsfqpitqoleqasgloyqUo
oleqeahqipquqdiagqomedkeqitqpspoeeaqvsa oenqoleqmleednqnoiffeh,quah
Oivqndsffehqiketbiuthquahqnmuvqunliteqsaqoleqh nr,qduahsagqpspoxqxuthn
himanoteuv,qi oqipqhuagetqipqfinnsbdeqnotuggdetny

Leqpdemqudiagq aptew eaoehquddexn,quahqnlitodxqpi ahqlsvnedpquoqlsn
u ao'nqbucrqpeaceyqLeqcdsvbehqiket,qufftiuclehqoleq“edd,”quahqdiireh
saquoqoleqnsoosag-tiivqmsahim,qpitquqdsgloqmunqb tasagqoleteyqOlete
nuoqU aoqFiddx,qNsh,qVutx,quahqZieqLutfet'nqviolet,qgti fehqoigeolet,
oudrsagyqOlexqmeteqbxqoleqbeh,quahqoleqbehqmunqbeomeeaqolevquahqole
hiityqOivqmeaoqoiqoleqhiitquahqbeguaqoiqnipodxqdspoqoleqduocl;qolea
leqftennehqgeaodxquahqoleqhiitqxsedhehquqctucr;qleqciaosa ehqf nlsag
cu osi ndx,quahqw ursagqeketxqosveqsoqcteureh,qosddqleqz hgehqleqvsglo
nw ee.eqolti glqiaqlsnqraeen;qniqleqf oqlsnqleuhqolti glquahqbegua,
mutsdxy

“Mluoqvurenqoleqcuahdeqbdimqni?”qnushqU aoqFiddxyqOivql ttsehq fyq“Mlx,
oluoqhiit'nqifea,qSqbedsekeyqMlx,qipqci tneqsoqsnyqAiqeahqipqnotuage
olsagnqaimyqGiq'diagquahqnl oqso,qNshy”

Oivqhsnuffeutehq ahetqoleqbehqz noqsaqosveyqLeqduxquahq“bteuoleh”
qlsvnedpqpitquqosve,quahqoleaqctefoqoiqmleteqleqci dhqudvinoqoi clqlsn
u ao'nqpiioy

“B oqunqSqmunqnuxsag,”qnushqU aoqFiddx,q“leqmuta'oq_buh_,qniqoiqnux--iadx
vsncl_ee_ki nyqIadxqz noqgshhx,quahqlut v-ncut v,qxi qraimyqLeqmuta'o
uaxqviteqtenfiansbdeqoluaquqcidoyq_Le_qaeketqveuaoquaxqlutv,quahqleqmun
oleqbeno-leutoehqbixqoluoqeketqmun”--uahqnleqbeguaqoiqctxy

“Soqmunqz noqniqmsolqvxqZie--udmuxnqp ddqipqlsnqheksdveao,quahq fqoi
eketxqrsahqipqvsnclsep,qb oqleqmunqz noqunq anedpsnlquahqrsahqunqle
ci dhqbe--uahqdumnqbdennqve,qoiqolsarqSqmeaoquahqmlsffehqlsvqpitqoursag
oluoqcteuv,qaeketqiaceqteciddecosagqoluoqSqoltimehqsoqi oqvxnedpqbecu ne
soqmunqni t,quahqSqaeketqoiqneeqlsvqugusaqsaqolsnqmitdh,qaeket,qaeket,
aeket,qfiitqub nehqbix!”qUahqVtnyqLutfetqnibbehqunqspqletqleutoqmi dh
bteury

“SqlifeqOiv'nqbeooetqippqmleteqleqsn,”qnushqNsh,q“b oqspqle'hqbeea
beooetqsaqniveqmuxn--”

“_Nsh!_”qOivqpedoqoleqgduteqipqoleqidhqduhx'nqexe,qoli glqleqci dhqaio
neeqsoyq“AioquqmithqugusanoqvxqOiv,qaimqoluoqle'nqgiae!qGih'ddqoureqcute
ipq_lsv_--aeketqxi qoti bdeq_xi t_nedp,qnst!qIl,qVtnyqLutfet,qSqhia'o
raimqlimqoiqgskeqlsvq f!qSqhia'oqraimqlimqoiqgskeqlsvq f!qLeqmunqn clqu
civpitoqoiqve,qudoli glqleqoitveaoehqvxqidhqleutoqi oqipqve,q'vinoy”

“OleqDithqgskeolquahqoleqDithqluolqoureaqumux--Bdennehqbeqoleqauveqip
oleqDith!qB oqso'nqniqluth--Il,qso'nqniqluth!qIadxqdunoqNuo thuxqvxqZie
b noehquqpstectucretqtsgloq ahetqvxqainequahqSqraicrehqlsvqnftumdsagy
DsoodeqhshqSqraimqolea,qlimqniia--Il,qspqsoqmunqoiqhiqiketqugusaqS'hql g
lsvquahqbdennqlsvqpitqsoy”

“Xen,qxen,qxen,qSqraimqz noqlimqxi qpeed,qVtnyqLutfet,qSqraimqz no
ejucodxqlimqxi qpeedyqAiqdiagetqugiqoluaqxenoethuxqaiia,qvxqOivqoiir
uahqpsddehqoleqcuoqp ddqipqFusa-rsddet,quahqSqhshqolsarqoleqcteo tqmi dh
oeutqoleqli neqhimayqUahqGihqpitgskeqve,qSqctucrehqOiv'nqleuhqmsolqvx
olsvbde,qfiitqbix,qfiitqheuhqbixyqB oqle'nqi oqipquddqlsnqoti bdenqaimy
UahqoleqdunoqmithnqSqeketqleuthqlsvqnuxqmunqoiqteftiucl--”

B oqolsnqvevitxqmunqoiiqv clqpitqoleqidhqduhx,quahqnleqbtireqeaostedx
himayqOivqmunqna ppdsag,qaim,qlsvnedp--uahqviteqsaqfsoxqipqlsvnedpqolua
uaxbihxqedneyqLeqci dhqleutqVutxqctxsag,quahqf oosagqsaquqrsahdxqmith
pitqlsvqptivqosveqoiqosveyqLeqbeguaqoiqlukequqaibdetqifsasiaqipqlsvnedp
oluaqeketqbepiteyqNosdd,qleqmunqn ppscseaodxqoi clehqbxqlsnqu ao'nqgtsep
oiqdiagqoiqt nlqi oqptivq ahetqoleqbehquahqiketmledvqletqmsolqzix--uah
oleqoleuotscudqgitgei naennqipqoleqolsagquffeudehqnotiagdxqoiqlsn
auo te,qoii,qb oqleqtensnoehquahqduxqnosddy

Leqmeaoqiaqdsnoeasag,quahqguoletehqbxqihhnquahqeahnqoluoqsoqmun
ciazeco tehquoqpstnoqoluoqoleqbixnqluhqgioqhtimaehqmlsdeqoursagquqnmsv;
oleaqoleqnvuddqtupoqluhqbeeaqvsnneh;qaejo,qcetousaqbixnqnushqoleqvsnnsag
duhnqluhqftivsnehqoluoqoleqksddugeqnli dhq“leutqniveolsag”qniia;qole
msne-leuhnqluhq“f oqolsnquahqoluoqoigeolet”quahqhecshehqoluoqoleqduhn
luhqgiaeqippqiaqoluoqtupoquahqmi dhqo taq fquoqoleqaejoqoimaqbedim,
fteneaodx;qb oqoimuthqaiiaqoleqtupoqluhqbeeaqpi ah,qdihgehqugusanoqole
Vsnni tsqnliteqniveqpskeqitqnsjqvsdenqbedimqoleqksdduge--uahqoleaqlife
fetsnleh;qolexqv noqbeqhtimaeh,qedneql agetqmi dhqlukeqhtskeaqolevqlive
bxqasglopuddqspqaioqniiaetyqSoqmunqbedsekehqoluoqoleqneutclqpitqole
bihsenqluhqbeeaquqpt sodennqeppitoqvetedxqbecu neqoleqhtimasagqv no
lukeqicc ttehqsaqvsh-cluaaed,qnsaceqoleqbixn,qbesagqgiihqnmsvvetn,qmi dh
ioletmsneqlukeqencufehqoiqnliteyqOlsnqmunqMehaenhuxqasgloyqSpqoleqbihsen
ciaosa ehqvsnnsagq aosdqN ahux,quddqlifeqmi dhqbeqgskeaqiket,quahqole
p aetudnqmi dhqbeqfteuclehqiaqoluoqvitasagyqOivqnl hhetehy

VtnyqLutfetqgukequqnibbsagqgiihasgloquahqo taehqoiqgiyqOleaqmsolqu
v o udqsvf dneqoleqomiqbeteukehqmiveaqpd agqolevnedkenqsaoiqeuclqiolet'n
utvnquahqluhquqgiih,qcianidsagqctx,quahqoleaqfutoehyqU aoqFiddxqmun
oeahetqputqbexiahqletqmiao,qsaqletqgiihasgloqoiqNshquahqVutxyqNsh
na ppdehquqbsoquahqVutxqmeaoqippqctxsagqmsolquddqletqleutoy

U aoqFiddxqraedoqhimaquahqftuxehqpitqOivqniqoi clsagdx,qniquffeudsagdx,
uahqmsolqn clqveun tedennqdikeqsaqletqmithnquahqletqidhqotevbdsagqkisce,
oluoqleqmunqmedoetsagqsaqoeutnqugusa,qdiagqbepiteqnleqmunqolti gly

Leqluhqoiqreefqnosddqdiagqupoetqnleqmeaoqoiqbeh,qpitqnleqrefoqvursag
btirea-leutoehqezuc duosianqptivqosveqoiqosve,qoinnsagq atenop ddx,quah
o tasagqiketyqB oquoqdunoqnleqmunqnosdd,qiadxqviuasagquqdsoodeqsaqlet
ndeefyqAimqoleqbixqnoideqi o,qtineqgtuh uddxqbxqoleqbehnshe,qnluhehqole
cuahde-dsgloqmsolqlsnqluah,quahqnoiihqteguthsagqletyqLsnqleutoqmunqp dd
ipqfsoxqpitqletyqLeqoiirqi oqlsnqnxcuviteqnctiddquahqfducehqsoqbxqole
cuahdeyqB oqniveolsagqicc ttehqoiqlsv,quahqleqdsagetehqcianshetsagy
Lsnqpuceqdsgloehqmsolquqluffxqnid osiaqipqlsnqoli glo;qleqf oqoleqbutr
lunosdxqsaqlsnqficreoyqOleaqleqbeaoqiketquahqrsnnehqoleqpuhehqdsfn,quah
notusglomuxqvuheqlsnqnoeudolxqejso,qduoclsagqoleqhiitqbelsahqlsvy

Leqolteuhehqlsnqmuxqbucrqoiqoleqpettxqduahsag,qpi ahqaibihxquoqdutge
olete,quahqmudrehqbidhdxqiaqbiuthqoleqbiuo,qpitqleqraemqnleqmun
oeauaodennqejcefoqoluoqoleteqmunquqmuoclvua,qmliqudmuxnqo taehqsaquah
ndefoqdsrequqgtukeaqsvugeyqLeq aosehqoleqnrsppquoqoleqnoeta,qndsffeh
saoiqso,quahqmunqniiaqtimsagqcu osi ndxq fnoteuvyqMleaqleqluhqf ddehqu
vsdequbikeqoleqksdduge,qleqnoutoehqw utoetsagquctinnquahqbeaoqlsvnedp
noi odxqoiqlsnqmitryqLeqlsoqoleqduahsagqiaqoleqioletqnsheqaeuodx,qpit
olsnqmunquqpuvsdsutqbsoqipqmitrqoiqlsvyqLeqmunqvikehqoiqcufo te
oleqnrspp,qutg sagqoluoqsoqvsgloqbeqcianshetehquqnlsfquahqoletepite
degsosvuoeqftexqpitquqfstuoe,qb oqleqraemquqoliti glqneutclqmi dhqbe
vuheqpitqsoquahqoluoqvsgloqeahqsaqtekeduosianyqNiqleqnoeffehqunlitequah
eaoetehqoleqmiihny

Leqnuoqhimaquahqoiirquqdiagqteno,qoito tsagqlsvnedpqveuamlsdeqoiqreef
umure,quahqoleaqnoutoehqmutsdxqhimaqoleqlive-noteoclyqOleqasgloqmunqput
nfeaoyqSoqmunqbtiuhqhuxdsgloqbepiteqleqpi ahqlsvnedpqpustdxqubteunoqole
snduahqbutyqLeqtenoehqugusaq aosdqoleqn aqmunqmeddq fquahqgsdhsagqole
gteuoqtsketqmsolqsonqnfdeahit,quahqoleaqleqfd agehqsaoiqoleqnoteuvyqU
dsoodeqduoetqleqfu neh,qhtsffsag,q fiaqoleqoltenlidhqipqoleqcuvf,quah
leuthqZieqnux:

“Ai,qOiv'nqot e-bd e,qL cr,quahqle'ddqciveqbucryqLeqmia'oqhenetoyqLe
raimnqoluoqmi dhqbequqhsngtuceqoiquqfstuoe,quahqOiv'nqoiiqfti hqpitqoluo
nitoqipqolsagyqLe'nq fqoiqniveolsagqitqioletyqAimqSqmiahetqmluo?”

“Medd,qoleqolsagnqsnqi tn,quaxmux,qusa'oqolex?”

“Fteooxqaeut,qb oqaioqxeo,qL cryqOleqmtsosagqnuxnqolexquteqspqlequsa'o
bucrqleteqoiqbteurpunoy”

“Mlsclqleqsn!”qejcdusvehqOiv,qmsolqpsaeqhtuvuoscqeppeco,qnoeffsag
gtuahdxqsaoiqcuvfy

Uqn vfo i nqbteurpunoqipqbuciaquahqpsnlqmunqnlitodxqftiksheh,quahqunqole
bixnqneoqoiqmitrq fiaqso,qOivqteci aoehq(uahquhitaeh)qlsnquhkeao teny
Olexqmetequqkusaquahqbiunop dqcivfuaxqipqletienqmleaqoleqoudeqmunqhiaey
OleaqOivqlshqlsvnedpqumuxqsaquqnluhxqaiirqoiqndeefqosddqaiia,quahqole
ioletqfstuoenqgioqteuhxqoiqpsnlquahqejfditey




CLUFOETqJKS

UPOETqhsaaetquddqoleqguagqo taehqi oqoiql aoqpitqo todeqeggnqiaqoleqbuty
Olexqmeaoqubi oqfirsagqnoscrnqsaoiqoleqnuah,quahqmleaqolexqpi ahquqnipo
fduceqolexqmeaoqhimaqiaqolestqraeenquahqh gqmsolqolestqluahnyqNiveosven
olexqmi dhqoureqpspoxqitqnsjoxqeggnqi oqipqiaeqlideyqOlexqmeteqfetpecodx
ti ahqmlsoeqolsagnquqotspdeqnvuddetqoluaquaqEagdsnlqmuda oyqOlexqluhqu
puvi nqptseh-eggqpeunoqoluoqasglo,quahquaioletqiaqPtshuxqvitasagy

Upoetqbteurpunoqolexqmeaoqmliifsagquahqftuacsagqi oqiaqoleqbut,quah
clunehqeuclqioletqti ahquahqti ah,qnlehhsagqcdiolenqunqolexqmeao,q aosd
olexqmeteqaureh,quahqoleaqciaosa ehqoleqptidscqputqumuxq fqoleqnliud
muoetqipqoleqbut,qugusanoqoleqnosppqc tteao,qmlsclqduooetqotsffehqolest
degnqptivq ahetqolevqptivqosveqoiqosvequahqgteuodxqsacteunehqoleqp ay
Uahqaimquahqoleaqolexqnoiifehqsaquqgti fquahqnfdunlehqmuoetqsaqeucl
iolet'nqpucenqmsolqolestqfudvn,qgtuh uddxqufftiuclsagqeuclqiolet,qmsol
uketoehqpucenqoiqukishqoleqnotuagdsagqnftuxn,quahqpsauddxqgtsffsagquah
not ggdsagqosddqoleqbenoqvuaqh crehqlsnqaesglbit,quahqoleaqolexqudd
meaoq ahetqsaquqouagdeqipqmlsoeqdegnquahqutvnquahqcuveq fqbdimsag,
nf ooetsag,qdu glsag,quahqgunfsagqpitqbteuolquoqiaequahqoleqnuveqosvey

Mleaqolexqmeteqmeddqejlu noeh,qolexqmi dhqt aqi oquahqnftumdqiaqoleqhtx,
lioqnuah,quahqdseqoletequahqciketqolevnedkenq fqmsolqso,quahqbxquahqbx
bteurqpitqoleqmuoetqugusaquahqgiqolti glqoleqitsgsaudqfetpitvuaceqiace
viteyqPsauddxqsoqicc ttehqoiqolevqoluoqolestqaurehqnrsaqtefteneaoeh
pdenl-ciditehq“osglon”qketxqpustdx;qniqolexqhtemquqtsagqsaqoleqnuahquah
luhquqcstc n--msolqolteeqcdimanqsaqso,qpitqaiaeqmi dhqxsedhqolsnqfti heno
finoqoiqlsnqaesglbity

Aejoqolexqgioqolestqvutbdenquahqfduxehq“ra crn”quahq“tsagoum”quah
“reefn”qosddqoluoquv neveaoqgtemqnoudeyqOleaqZiequahqL crqluhquaiolet
nmsv,qb oqOivqmi dhqaioqkeao te,qbecu neqleqpi ahqoluoqsaqrscrsagqipp
lsnqoti netnqleqluhqrscrehqlsnqnotsagqipqtuoodenaureqtuoodenqippqlsn
uarde,quahqleqmiahetehqlimqleqluhqencufehqctuvfqniqdiagqmsoli oqole
ftioecosiaqipqolsnqvxnoetsi nqclutvyqLeqhshqaioqkeao tequgusaq aosdqle
luhqpi ahqso,quahqbxqoluoqosveqoleqioletqbixnqmeteqostehquahqteuhxqoi
tenoyqOlexqgtuh uddxqmuahetehqufuto,qhtiffehqsaoiqoleq“h vfn,”quah
peddqoiqgu.sagqdiagsagdxquctinnqoleqmsheqtsketqoiqmleteqoleqksddugeqdux
htimnsagqsaqoleqn ayqOivqpi ahqlsvnedpqmtsosagq“BECRX”qsaqoleqnuahqmsol
lsnqbsgqoie;qleqnctuoclehqsoqi o,quahqmunquagtxqmsolqlsvnedpqpitqlsn
meuraennyqB oqleqmtioeqsoqugusa,qaeketoledenn;qleqci dhqaioqledfqsoyqLe
etunehqsoqiaceqvitequahqoleaqoiirqlsvnedpqi oqipqoevfouosiaqbxqhtsksag
oleqioletqbixnqoigeoletquahqzisasagqolevy

B oqZie'nqnfstsonqluhqgiaeqhimaqudvinoqbexiahqten ttecosiayqLeqmunqni
livenscrqoluoqleqci dhqluthdxqeah teqoleqvsnetxqipqsoyqOleqoeutnqdux
ketxqaeutqoleqn tpuceyqL crqmunqveduaclidx,qoiiyqOivqmunqhimaleutoeh,
b oqotsehqluthqaioqoiqnlimqsoyqLeqluhquqnecteoqmlsclqleqmunqaioqteuhx
oiqoedd,qxeo,qb oqspqolsnqv osai nqheftennsiaqmunqaioqbtireaq fqniia,qle
mi dhqlukeqoiqbtsagqsoqi oyqLeqnush,qmsolquqgteuoqnlimqipqcleetp daenn:

“Sqbeoqolete'nqbeeaqfstuoenqiaqolsnqsnduahqbepite,qbixnyqMe'ddqejfdite
soqugusayqOlex'keqlshqoteun tenqleteqnivemleteyqLim'hqxi qpeedqoiqdsglo
iaquqtiooeaqclenoqp ddqipqgidhquahqnsdket--lex?”

B oqsoqti nehqiadxqpusaoqeaol nsunv,qmlsclqpuhehqi o,qmsolqaiqtefdxy
Oivqotsehqiaeqitqomiqioletqneh cosian;qb oqolexqpusdeh,qoiiyqSoqmun
hsnci tugsagqmitryqZieqnuoqfirsagq fqoleqnuahqmsolquqnoscrquahqdiirsag
ketxqgdiivxyqPsauddxqleqnush:

“Il,qbixn,qdeo'nqgskeqsoq fyqSqmuaoqoiqgiqliveyqSo'nqniqdiaenivey”

“Ilqai,qZie,qxi 'ddqpeedqbeooetqbxquahqbx,”qnushqOivyq“Z noqolsarqipqole
psnlsagqoluo'nqletey”

“Sqhia'oqcuteqpitqpsnlsagyqSqmuaoqoiqgiqlivey”

“B o,qZie,qoletequsa'oqn clquaioletqnmsvvsag-fducequaxmletey”

“Nmsvvsag'nqaiqgiihyqSqhia'oqneevqoiqcuteqpitqso,qnivelim,qmleaqolete
usa'oquaxbihxqoiqnuxqSqnlu'a'oqgiqsayqSqveuaqoiqgiqlivey”

“Il,qnl crn!qBubx!qXi qmuaoqoiqneeqxi tqviolet,qSqtecriay”

“Xen,qSq_hi_qmuaoqoiqneeqvxqviolet--uahqxi qmi dh,qoii,qspqxi qluhqiaeyqS
usa'oquaxqviteqbubxqoluaqxi qutey”qUahqZieqna ppdehquqdsoodey

“Medd,qme'ddqdeoqoleqctxbubxqgiqliveqoiqlsnqviolet,qmia'oqme,qL cr?qFiit
olsag--hienqsoqmuaoqoiqneeqsonqviolet?qUahqniqsoqnluddyqXi qdsreqsoqlete,
hia'oqxi ,qL cr?qMe'ddqnoux,qmia'oqme?”

L crqnush,q“X-e-n”--msoli oquaxqleutoqsaqsoy

“S'ddqaeketqnfeurqoiqxi qugusaqunqdiagqunqSqdske,”qnushqZie,qtsnsagy
“Oleteqaim!”qUahqleqvikehqviihsdxqumuxquahqbeguaqoiqhtennqlsvnedpy

“Mliqcuten!”qnushqOivyq“Aibihxqmuaonqxi qoiyqGiq'diagqlivequahqgeo
du glehquoyqIl,qxi 'tequqasceqfstuoeyqL crquahqvequsa'oqctxbubsenyqMe'dd
noux,qmia'oqme,qL cr?qDeoqlsvqgiqspqleqmuaonqoiyqSqtecriaqmeqcuaqgeo
udiagqmsoli oqlsv,qfet'ufny”

B oqOivqmunq aeunx,qaeketoledenn,quahqmunqudutvehqoiqneeqZieqgiqn ddeadx
iaqmsolqlsnqhtennsagyqUahqoleaqsoqmunqhsncivpitosagqoiqneeqL crqexsag
Zie'nqftefutuosianqniqmsnop ddx,quahqreefsagq fqn clquaqivsai nqnsdeacey
Fteneaodx,qmsoli oquqfutosagqmith,qZieqbeguaqoiqmuheqippqoimuthqole
SddsaisnqnliteyqOiv'nqleutoqbeguaqoiqnsaryqLeqgduacehquoqL cryqL cr
ci dhqaioqbeutqoleqdiir,quahqhtiffehqlsnqexenyqOleaqleqnush:

“Sqmuaoqoiqgi,qoii,qOivyqSoqmunqgeoosagqniqdiaenivequaxmux,quahqaim
so'ddqbeqmitneyqDeo'nq nqgi,qoii,qOivy”

“Sqmia'o!qXi qcuaquddqgi,qspqxi qmuaoqoiyqSqveuaqoiqnouxy”

“Oiv,qSqbeooetqgiy”

“Medd,qgiq'diag--mli'nqleahetsagqxi y”

L crqbeguaqoiqfscrq fqlsnqncuooetehqcdiolenyqLeqnush:

“Oiv,qSqmsnloqxi 'hqcive,qoiiyqAimqxi qolsarqsoqiketyqMe'ddqmusoqpitqxi 
mleaqmeqgeoqoiqnlitey”

“Medd,qxi 'ddqmusoquqbduveqdiagqosve,qoluo'nquddy”

L crqnoutoehqnittimp ddxqumux,quahqOivqnoiihqdiirsagqupoetqlsv,qmsolqu
notiagqhensteqo ggsagquoqlsnqleutoqoiqxsedhqlsnqftshequahqgiqudiag
oiiyqLeqlifehqoleqbixnqmi dhqnoif,qb oqolexqnosddqmuhehqndimdxqiayqSo
n hheadxqhumaehqiaqOivqoluoqsoqmunqbeciveqketxqdiaedxquahqnosddyqLeqvuhe
iaeqpsaudqnot ggdeqmsolqlsnqftshe,quahqoleaqhutoehqupoetqlsnqcivtuhen,
xeddsag:

“Muso!qMuso!qSqmuaoqoiqoeddqxi qniveolsag!”

Olexqfteneaodxqnoiffehquahqo taehquti ahyqMleaqleqgioqoiqmleteqolex
mete,qleqbeguaq apidhsagqlsnqnecteo,quahqolexqdsnoeaehqviihsdxqosdd
uoqdunoqolexqnumqoleq“fisao”qleqmunqhtsksagquo,quahqoleaqolexqneoq fqu
mutmliifqipquffdu nequahqnushqsoqmunq“nfdeahsh!”quahqnushqspqleqluh
oidhqolevquoqpstno,qolexqmi dha'oqlukeqnoutoehqumuxyqLeqvuhequqfdu nsbde
ejc ne;qb oqlsnqteudqteuniaqluhqbeeaqoleqpeutqoluoqaioqekeaqoleqnecteo
mi dhqreefqolevqmsolqlsvquaxqketxqgteuoqdeagolqipqosve,quahqniqleqluh
veuaoqoiqlidhqsoqsaqtenetkequnquqdunoqneh cosiay

Oleqduhnqcuveqguxdxqbucrquahqmeaoquoqolestqnfitonqugusaqmsolquqmsdd,
cluooetsagquddqoleqosvequbi oqOiv'nqno feahi nqfduaquahquhvstsagqole
geas nqipqsoyqUpoetquqhusaoxqeggquahqpsnlqhsaaet,qOivqnushqleqmuaoehqoi
deutaqoiqnvire,qaimyqZieqcu gloquoqoleqsheuquahqnushqleqmi dhqdsreqoi
otx,qoiiyqNiqL crqvuheqfsfenquahqpsddehqolevyqOleneqaikscenqluhqaeket
nvirehquaxolsagqbepiteqb oqcsgutnqvuheqipqgtufeksae,quahqolexq“bso”qole
oiag e,quahqmeteqaioqcianshetehqvuadxquaxmuxy

Aimqolexqnoteoclehqolevnedkenqi oqiaqolestqedbimnquahqbeguaqoiqf pp,
clutsdx,quahqmsolqndeahetqciapsheaceyqOleqnvireqluhquaq afdeunuaoqounoe,
uahqolexqguggehquqdsoode,qb oqOivqnush:

“Mlx,qso'nqz noqunqeunx!qSpqS'hquqraimehqolsnqmunqudd,qS'hquqdeutaoqdiag
ugiy”

“Niqmi dhqS,”qnushqZieyq“So'nqz noqaiolsagy”

“Mlx,qvuaxquqosveqS'keqdiirehquoqfeifdeqnvirsag,quahqoli gloqmeddqSqmsnl
Sqci dhqhiqoluo;qb oqSqaeketqoli gloqSqci dh,”qnushqOivy

“Oluo'nqz noqoleqmuxqmsolqve,qlusa'oqso,qL cr?qXi 'keqleuthqveqoudrqz no
oluoqmux--lukea'oqxi ,qL cr?qS'ddqdeukeqsoqoiqL crqspqSqlukea'oy”

“Xen--leufnqipqosven,”qnushqL cry

“Medd,qSqlukeqoii,”qnushqOiv;q“il,ql ahtehnqipqosvenyqIaceqhimaqbxqole
ndu gloet-li neyqHia'oqxi qtevevbet,qL cr?qBibqOuaaetqmunqolete,quah
ZilaaxqVsddet,quahqZeppqOluoclet,qmleaqSqnushqsoyqHia'oqxi qtevevbet,
L cr,q'bi oqveqnuxsagqoluo?”

“Xen,qoluo'nqni,”qnushqL cryq“OluoqmunqoleqhuxqupoetqSqdinoquqmlsoe
uddexyqAi,q'omunqoleqhuxqbepitey”

“Olete--Sqoidhqxi qni,”qnushqOivyq“L crqteciddeconqsoy”

“SqbdeekeqSqci dhqnvireqolsnqfsfequddqhux,”qnushqZieyq“Sqhia'oqpeed
nscry”

“AesoletqhiqS,”qnushqOivyq“Sqci dhqnvireqsoquddqhuxyqB oqSqbeoqxi qZepp
Oluocletqci dha'oy”

“ZeppqOluoclet!qMlx,qle'hqreedqiketqz noqmsolqomiqhtumnyqZ noqdeoqlsv
otxqsoqiaceyq_Le'h_qnee!”

“Sqbeoqleqmi dhyqUahqZilaaxqVsddet--Sqmsnlqci dhqneeqZilaaxqVsddetqoucrde
soqiacey”

“Il,qhia'oqS!”qnushqZieyq“Mlx,qSqbeoqxi qZilaaxqVsddetqci dha'oquaxqvite
hiqolsnqoluaqaiolsagyqZ noqiaeqdsoodeqnaspoetqmi dhqpeoclq_lsv_y”

“'Heehqsoqmi dh,qZieyqNux--Sqmsnlqoleqbixnqci dhqneeq nqaimy”

“NiqhiqSy”

“Nux--bixn,qhia'oqnuxquaxolsagqubi oqso,quahqniveqosveqmleaqolex'te
uti ah,qS'ddqciveq fqoiqxi quahqnux,q'Zie,qgioquqfsfe?qSqmuaoquqnvirey'
Uahqxi 'ddqnux,qrsahqipqcutedennqdsre,qunqspqsoqmuta'oquaxolsag,qxi 'dd
nux,q'Xen,qSqgioqvxq_idh_qfsfe,quahquaioletqiae,qb oqvxqoibucretqusa'o
ketxqgiihy'qUahqS'ddqnux,q'Il,qoluo'nquddqtsglo,qspqso'nq_notiag_
eai gly'qUahqoleaqxi 'ddqi oqmsolqoleqfsfen,quahqme'ddqdsgloq fqz noqun
cu'v,quahqoleaqz noqneeq'evqdiir!”

“Bxqzsagn,qoluo'ddqbeqgux,qOiv!qSqmsnlqsoqmunq_aim_!”

“NiqhiqS!qUahqmleaqmeqoeddq'evqmeqdeutaehqmleaqmeqmunqippqfstuosag,
mia'oqolexqmsnlqolex'hqbeeaqudiag?”

“Il,qSqtecriaqaio!qS'ddqz noq_beo_qolexqmsdd!”

NiqoleqoudrqtuaqiayqB oqfteneaodxqsoqbeguaqoiqpdugquqotspde,quah
gtimqhsnzisaoehyqOleqnsdeacenqmsheaeh;qoleqejfecoituosiaqvutkeddi ndx
sacteunehyqEketxqfiteqsansheqoleqbixn'qcleernqbecuvequqnfi osag
pi aousa;qolexqci dhqncutcedxqbusdqi oqoleqceddutnq ahetqolestqoiag en
punoqeai glqoiqftekeaoquaqsa ahuosia;qdsoodeqiketpdimsagnqhimaqolest
oltiuonqicc ttehqsaqnfsoeqipquddqolexqci dhqhi,quahqn hheaqteoclsagn
piddimehqeketxqosveyqBiolqbixnqmeteqdiirsagqketxqfudequahqvsnetubde,
aimyqZie'nqfsfeqhtiffehqptivqlsnqaetkedennqpsagetnyqOiv'nqpiddimehyqBiol
pi aousanqmeteqgisagqp tsi ndxquahqbiolqf vfnqbusdsagqmsolqvsgloquah
vusayqZieqnushqpeebdx:

“S'keqdinoqvxqraspeyqSqtecriaqSqbeooetqgiquahqpsahqsoy”

Oivqnush,qmsolqw sketsagqdsfnquahqludosagq ooetuace:

“S'ddqledfqxi yqXi qgiqiketqoluoqmuxquahqS'ddql aoquti ahqbxqoleqnftsagy
Ai,qxi qaeeha'oqcive,qL cr--meqcuaqpsahqsoy”

NiqL crqnuoqhimaqugusa,quahqmusoehquaqli tyqOleaqleqpi ahqsoqdiaenive,
uahqmeaoqoiqpsahqlsnqcivtuhenyqOlexqmeteqmshequfutoqsaqoleqmiihn,qbiol
ketxqfude,qbiolqpunoqundeefyqB oqniveolsagqsapitvehqlsvqoluoqspqolexqluh
luhquaxqoti bdeqolexqluhqgioqtshqipqsoy

Olexqmeteqaioqoudruoskequoqn ffetqoluoqasgloyqOlexqluhquql vbdeqdiir,
uahqmleaqL crqftefutehqlsnqfsfequpoetqoleqveudquahqmunqgisagqoiqftefute
olestn,qolexqnushqai,qolexqmeteqaioqpeedsagqketxqmedd--niveolsagqolexquoe
uoqhsaaetqluhqhsnugteehqmsolqolevy

Ubi oqvshasgloqZiequmire,quahqcuddehqoleqbixnyqOleteqmunquqbtiihsag
ifftennskeaennqsaqolequstqoluoqneevehqoiqbiheqniveolsagyqOleqbixn
l hhdehqolevnedkenqoigeoletquahqni gloqoleqptseahdxqcivfuasianlsfqip
oleqpste,qoli glqoleqh ddqheuhqleuoqipqoleqbteuoldennquovinfleteqmun
nospdsagyqOlexqnuoqnosdd,qsaoeaoquahqmusosagyqOleqnidevaql nlqciaosa ehy
Bexiahqoleqdsgloqipqoleqpsteqeketxolsagqmunqnmuddimehq fqsaqole
bducraennqipqhutraennyqFteneaodxqoleteqcuvequqw sketsagqgdimqoluo
kug edxqtekeudehqoleqpidsugeqpitquqviveaoquahqoleaqkuasnlehyqBxquahqbx
uaioletqcuve,quqdsoodeqnotiagetyqOleaquaioletyqOleaquqpusaoqviuaqcuve
nsglsagqolti glqoleqbtuaclenqipqoleqpitenoquahqoleqbixnqpedoquqpdeeosag
bteuolq fiaqolestqcleern,quahqnl hhetehqmsolqoleqpuacxqoluoqoleqNfstso
ipqoleqAsgloqluhqgiaeqbxyqOleteqmunquqfu neyqAimquqmesthqpdunlqo taeh
asgloqsaoiqhuxquahqnlimehqeketxqdsoodeqgtunnbduhe,qnefutuoequah
hsnosaco,qoluoqgtemqubi oqolestqpeeoyqUahqsoqnlimehqolteeqmlsoe,
noutodehqpucen,qoiiyqUqheefqfeudqipqol ahetqmeaoqtiddsagquahqo vbdsag
himaqoleqleukeanquahqdinoqsonedpqsaqn ddeaqt vbdsagnqsaqoleqhsnouaceyqU
nmeefqipqclsddxqustqfunnehqbx,qt nodsagquddqoleqdeukenquahqnaimsagqole
pdurxqunlenqbtiuhcunoqubi oqoleqpsteyqUaioletqpsetceqgduteqdsoq fqole
pitenoquahquaqsanouaoqctunlqpiddimehqoluoqneevehqoiqteahqoleqoteeoifn
tsgloqiketqoleqbixn'qleuhnyqOlexqcd agqoigeoletqsaqoettit,qsaqoleqolscr
gdiivqoluoqpiddimehyqUqpemqbsgqtusahtifnqpeddqfuooetsagq fiaqoleqdeukeny

“W scr!qbixn,qgiqpitqoleqoeao!”qejcdusvehqOivy

Olexqnftuagqumux,qno vbdsagqiketqtiionquahquviagqksaenqsaqoleqhutr,qai
omiqfd agsagqsaqoleqnuveqhstecosiayqUqp tsi nqbdunoqtiutehqolti gl
oleqoteen,qvursagqeketxolsagqnsagqunqsoqmeaoyqIaeqbdsahsagqpdunlqupoet
uaioletqcuve,quahqfeudqiaqfeudqipqheupeasagqol ahetyqUahqaimquqhteaclsag
tusaqfi tehqhimaquahqoleqtsnsagql ttscuaeqhtikeqsoqsaqnleeonqudiagqole
gti ahyqOleqbixnqctsehqi oqoiqeuclqiolet,qb oqoleqtiutsagqmsahquahqole
biivsagqol ahetbdunonqhtimaehqolestqkiscenq ooetdxyqLimeket,qiaeqbxqiae
olexqnotuggdehqsaquoqdunoquahqoiirqnledoetq ahetqoleqoeao,qcidh,qncuteh,
uahqnoteuvsagqmsolqmuoet;qb oqoiqlukeqcivfuaxqsaqvsnetxqneevehqniveolsag
oiqbeqgtuoep dqpityqOlexqci dhqaioqoudr,qoleqidhqnusdqpduffehqni
p tsi ndx,qekeaqspqoleqioletqaisnenqmi dhqlukequddimehqolevyqOleqoevfeno
tineqlsgletquahqlsglet,quahqfteneaodxqoleqnusdqoiteqdiineqptivqson
punoeasagnquahqmeaoqmsagsagqumuxqiaqoleqbdunoyqOleqbixnqnes.ehqeucl
ioletn'qluahnquahqpdeh,qmsolqvuaxqo vbdsagnquahqbt snen,qoiqoleqnledoet
ipquqgteuoqiurqoluoqnoiihq fiaqoleqtsketbuaryqAimqoleqbuoodeqmunquoqson
lsglenoyq ahetqoleqceunedennqciapdugtuosiaqipqdsgloasagqoluoqpduveh
saqoleqnrsen,qeketxolsagqbedimqnoiihqi oqsaqcdeuac oquahqnluhimdenn
hsnosacoaenn:qoleqbeahsagqoteen,qoleqbsddimxqtsket,qmlsoeqmsolqpiuv,qole
htsksagqnftuxqipqnf vepduren,qoleqhsvqi odsaenqipqoleqlsglqbd ppnqia
oleqioletqnshe,qgdsvfnehqolti glqoleqhtsposagqcdi htucrquahqoleqnduaosag
kesdqipqtusayqEketxqdsoodeqmlsdeqniveqgsuaoqoteeqxsedhehqoleqpsglo
uahqpeddqctunlsagqolti glqoleqxi agetqgtimol;quahqoleq apduggsag
ol ahetfeudnqcuveqaimqsaqeut-nfdsoosagqejfdinskeqb tnon,qreeaquahqnlutf,
uahq anfeurubdxquffuddsagyqOleqnoitvqc dvsauoehqsaqiaeqvuocldennqeppito
oluoqneevehqdsredxqoiqoeutqoleqsnduahqoiqfsecen,qb taqsoq f,qhtimaqsoqoi
oleqoteeoifn,qbdimqsoqumux,quahqheupeaqeketxqcteuo teqsaqso,quddquoqiae
uahqoleqnuveqviveaoyqSoqmunquqmsdhqasgloqpitqlivedennqxi agqleuhnqoiqbe
i oqsay

B oquoqdunoqoleqbuoodeqmunqhiae,quahqoleqpitcenqteostehqmsolqmeuretquah
meuretqolteuoeasagnquahqgt vbdsagn,quahqfeuceqten vehqletqnmuxyqOle
bixnqmeaoqbucrqoiqcuvf,quqgiihqheudqumeh;qb oqolexqpi ahqoleteqmunqnosdd
niveolsagqoiqbeqoluarp dqpit,qbecu neqoleqgteuoqnxcuvite,qoleqnledoet
ipqolestqbehn,qmunquqt sa,qaim,qbdunoehqbxqoleqdsgloasagn,quahqolexqmete
aioq ahetqsoqmleaqoleqcuounotifleqluffeaehy

Eketxolsagqsaqcuvfqmunqhteacleh,qoleqcuvfpstequnqmedd;qpitqolexqmeteqb o
leehdennqduhn,qdsreqolestqgeaetuosia,quahqluhqvuheqaiqftiksnsiaqugusano
tusayqLeteqmunqvuooetqpitqhsnvux,qpitqolexqmeteqniurehqolti glquah
clsddehyqOlexqmeteqediw eaoqsaqolestqhsnotenn;qb oqolexqfteneaodx
hsnciketehqoluoqoleqpsteqluhqeuoeaqniqputq fq ahetqoleqgteuoqdigqsoqluh
beeaqb sdoqugusanoq(mleteqsoqc tkehq fmuthquahqnefutuoehqsonedpqptiv
oleqgti ah),qoluoquqluahbteuholqitqniqipqsoqluhqencufehqmeoosag;qniqolex
fuoseaodxqmti gloq aosd,qmsolqnltehnquahqbutrqguoletehqptivqoleq ahet
nshenqipqnledoetehqdign,qolexqciujehqoleqpsteqoiqb taqugusayqOleaqolex
fsdehqiaqgteuoqheuhqbi glnqosddqolexqluhquqtiutsagqp tauce,quahqmete
gduhleutoehqiaceqviteyqOlexqhtsehqolestqbisdehqluvquahqluhquqpeuno,
uahqupoetqoluoqolexqnuoqbxqoleqpstequahqejfuahehquahqgditspsehqolest
vshasgloquhkeao teq aosdqvitasag,qpitqoleteqmunqaioquqhtxqnfioqoiqndeef
ia,quaxmletequti ahy

Unqoleqn aqbeguaqoiqnoeudqsaq fiaqoleqbixn,qhtimnsaennqcuveqiket
olev,quahqolexqmeaoqi oqiaqoleqnuahbutquahqduxqhimaqoiqndeefyqOlexqgio
ncitclehqi oqbxquahqbx,quahqhteutsdxqneoqubi oqgeoosagqbteurpunoyqUpoet
oleqveudqolexqpedoqt nox,quahqnospp-zisaoeh,quahquqdsoodeqlivenscrqiace
viteyqOivqnumqoleqnsgan,quahqpeddqoiqcleetsagq fqoleqfstuoenqunqmeddqun
leqci dhyqB oqolexqcutehqaiolsagqpitqvutbden,qitqcstc n,qitqnmsvvsag,qit
uaxolsagyqLeqtevsahehqolevqipqoleqsvfinsagqnecteo,quahqtusnehquqtuxqip
cleetyqMlsdeqsoqdunoeh,qleqgioqolevqsaoetenoehqsaquqaemqheksceyqOlsnqmun
oiqraicrqippqbesagqfstuoen,qpitquqmlsde,quahqbeqSahsuanqpitquqcluagey
Olexqmetequootucoehqbxqolsnqsheu;qniqsoqmunqaioqdiagqbepiteqolexqmete
notsffeh,quahqnotsfehqptivqleuhqoiqleedqmsolqbducrqv h,qdsreqniqvuax
.ebtun--uddqipqolevqclsepn,qipqci tne--uahqoleaqolexqmeaoqoeutsagqolti gl
oleqmiihnqoiquooucrquaqEagdsnlqneoodeveaoy

Bxquahqbxqolexqnefutuoehqsaoiqolteeqlinosdeqotsben,quahqhutoehq fiaqeucl
ioletqptivquvb nlqmsolqhteuhp dqmutmliifn,quahqrsddehquahqncudfehqeucl
ioletqbxqoli nuahnyqSoqmunquqgitxqhuxyqCianew eaodxqsoqmunquaqejotevedx
nuosnpucoitxqiaey

Olexqunnevbdehqsaqcuvfqoimuthqn ffetosve,ql agtxquahqluffx;qb oqaim
uqhsppsc doxqutine--linosdeqSahsuanqci dhqaioqbteurqoleqbteuhqip
linfsoudsoxqoigeoletqmsoli oqpstnoqvursagqfeuce,quahqolsnqmunquqnsvfde
svfinnsbsdsoxqmsoli oqnvirsagquqfsfeqipqfeuceyqOleteqmunqaiqiolet
fticennqoluoqeketqolexqluhqleuthqipyqOmiqipqoleqnukugenqudvinoqmsnleh
olexqluhqtevusaehqfstuoenyqLimeket,qoleteqmunqaiqioletqmux;qniqmsolqn cl
nlimqipqcleetp daennqunqolexqci dhqv noetqolexqcuddehqpitqoleqfsfequah
oiirqolestqmlsppqunqsoqfunneh,qsaqh eqpitvy

Uahqbelidh,qolexqmeteqgduhqolexqluhqgiaeqsaoiqnukugetx,qpitqolexqluh
gusaehqniveolsag;qolexqpi ahqoluoqolexqci dhqaimqnvirequqdsoodeqmsoli o
luksagqoiqgiquahql aoqpitquqdinoqraspe;qolexqhshqaioqgeoqnscrqeai glqoi
beqnetsi ndxq acivpitoubdeyqOlexqmeteqaioqdsredxqoiqpiidqumuxqolsnqlsgl
ftivsneqpitqducrqipqeppitoyqAi,qolexqftucosnehqcu osi ndx,qupoetqn ffet,
msolqtsgloqpustqn ccenn,quahqniqolexqnfeaoquqz bsduaoqekeasagyqOlexqmete
fti hetquahqluffsetqsaqolestqaemqucw steveaoqoluaqolexqmi dhqlukeqbeea
saqoleqncudfsagquahqnrsaasagqipqoleqNsjqAuosianyqMeqmsddqdeukeqolevqoi
nvirequahqcluooetquahqbtug,qnsaceqmeqlukeqaiqp toletq neqpitqolevquo
fteneaoy




CLUFOETqJKSS

B Oqoleteqmunqaiqlsdutsoxqsaqoleqdsoodeqoimaqoluoqnuveqotuaw sdqNuo thux
upoetaiiayqOleqLutfetn,quahqU aoqFiddx'nqpuvsdx,qmeteqbesagqf oqsaoi
vi tasag,qmsolqgteuoqgtsepquahqvuaxqoeutnyqUaq a n udqw seoqfinnenneh
oleqksdduge,qudoli glqsoqmunqithsautsdxqw seoqeai gl,qsaquddqciancseacey
Oleqksddugetnqciah coehqolestqciacetanqmsolquaqubneaoqust,quahqoudreh
dsoode;qb oqolexqnsglehqipoeayqOleqNuo thuxqlidshuxqneevehquqb theaqoi
oleqclsdhteayqOlexqluhqaiqleutoqsaqolestqnfiton,quahqgtuh uddxqgukeqolev
 fy

SaqolequpoetaiiaqBecrxqOluocletqpi ahqletnedpqvifsagqubi oqoleqhenetoeh
ncliidli neqxuth,quahqpeedsagqketxqveduaclidxyqB oqnleqpi ahqaiolsag
oleteqoiqcivpitoqletyqNleqnidsdiw s.eh:

“Il,qspqSqiadxqluhquqbtunnquahstia-raibqugusa!qB oqSqlukea'oqgio
uaxolsagqaimqoiqtevevbetqlsvqbxy”qUahqnleqclirehqbucrquqdsoodeqniby

Fteneaodxqnleqnoiffeh,quahqnushqoiqletnedp:

“SoqmunqtsgloqleteyqIl,qspqsoqmunqoiqhiqiketqugusa,qSqmi dha'oqnux
oluo--Sqmi dha'oqnuxqsoqpitqoleqmlideqmitdhyqB oqle'nqgiaeqaim;qS'dd
aeket,qaeket,qaeketqneeqlsvquaxqvitey”

Olsnqoli gloqbtireqletqhima,quahqnleqmuahetehqumux,qmsolqoeutnqtiddsag
himaqletqcleernyqOleaqw soequqgti fqipqbixnquahqgstdn--fduxvuoenqipqOiv'n
uahqZie'n--cuveqbx,quahqnoiihqdiirsagqiketqoleqfudsagqpeacequahqoudrsag
saqteketeaoqoiaenqipqlimqOivqhshqni-uah-niqoleqdunoqosveqolexqnum
lsv,quahqlimqZieqnushqolsnquahqoluoqnvuddqotspdeq(ftegauaoqmsolqump d
ftiflecx,qunqolexqci dhqeunsdxqneeqaim!)--uahqeuclqnfeuretqfisaoehqi o
oleqejucoqnfioqmleteqoleqdinoqduhnqnoiihquoqoleqosve,quahqoleaquhheh
niveolsagqdsreq“uahqSqmunqu-nouahsagqz noqni--z noqunqSquvqaim,quahqunqsp
xi qmunqlsv--Sqmunqunqcdinequnqoluo--uahqleqnvsdeh,qz noqolsnqmux--uahqolea
niveolsagqneevehqoiqgiquddqiketqve,qdsre--ump d,qxi qraim--uahqSqaeket
oli gloqmluoqsoqveuao,qipqci tne,qb oqSqcuaqneeqaim!”

Oleaqoleteqmunquqhsnf oequbi oqmliqnumqoleqheuhqbixnqdunoqsaqdspe,quah
vuaxqcdusvehqoluoqhsnvudqhsnosacosia,quahqippetehqeksheacen,qviteqit
dennqouvfetehqmsolqbxqoleqmsoaenn;quahqmleaqsoqmunq dosvuoedxqhecsheh
mliq_hsh_qneeqoleqhefutoehqduno,quahqejcluagehqoleqdunoqmithnqmsolqolev,
oleqd crxqfutosenqoiirq fiaqolevnedkenquqnitoqipqnuctehqsvfitouace,
uahqmeteqgufehquoquahqeaksehqbxquddqoleqtenoyqIaeqfiitqcluf,qmliqluh
aiqioletqgtuahe tqoiqippet,qnushqmsolqoidetubdxqvuaspenoqftsheqsaqole
tevevbtuace:

“Medd,qOivqNumxetqleqdscrehqveqiacey”

B oqoluoqbshqpitqgditxqmunquqpusd teyqVinoqipqoleqbixnqci dhqnuxqoluo,
uahqniqoluoqcleufeaehqoleqhsnosacosiaqoiiqv clyqOleqgti fqdisoetehqumux,
nosddqtecuddsagqvevitsenqipqoleqdinoqletien,qsaqumehqkisceny

MleaqoleqN ahux-ncliidqli tqmunqpsasnleh,qoleqaejoqvitasag,qoleqbedd
beguaqoiqoidd,qsanoeuhqipqtsagsagqsaqoleq n udqmuxyqSoqmunquqketxqnosdd
Nubbuol,quahqoleqvi tap dqni ahqneevehqsaqreefsagqmsolqoleqv nsagql nl
oluoqduxq fiaqauo teyqOleqksddugetnqbeguaqoiqguolet,qdisoetsagquqviveao
saqoleqkenosb deqoiqciaketneqsaqmlsnfetnqubi oqoleqnuhqekeaoyqB oqolete
munqaiqmlsnfetsagqsaqoleqli ne;qiadxqoleqp aeteudqt nodsagqipqhtennen
unqoleqmiveaqguoletehqoiqolestqneuonqhsno tbehqoleqnsdeaceqoleteyqAiae
ci dhqtevevbetqmleaqoleqdsoodeqcl tclqluhqbeeaqniqp ddqbepiteyqOlete
munqpsauddxquqmusosagqfu ne,quaqejfecouaoqh vbaenn,quahqoleaqU aoqFiddx
eaoeteh,qpiddimehqbxqNshquahqVutx,quahqolexqbxqoleqLutfetqpuvsdx,quddqsa
heefqbducr,quahqoleqmlideqciagteguosia,qoleqidhqvsasnoetqunqmedd,qtine
teketeaodxquahqnoiihq aosdqoleqvi taetnqmeteqneuoehqsaqoleqptiaoqfemy
Oleteqmunquaioletqcivv asagqnsdeace,qbtireaquoqsaoetkudnqbxqv ppdeh
nibn,quahqoleaqoleqvsasnoetqnfteuhqlsnqluahnqubtiuhquahqftuxehyqUqviksag
lxvaqmunqn ag,quahqoleqoejoqpiddimeh:q“SquvqoleqTen ttecosiaquahqole
Dspey”

Unqoleqnetksceqfticeeheh,qoleqcdetgxvuaqhtemqn clqfsco tenqipqole
gtucen,qoleqmsaasagqmuxn,quahqoleqtuteqftivsneqipqoleqdinoqduhnqoluo
eketxqni dqolete,qolsarsagqleqtecigas.ehqoleneqfsco ten,qpedoquqfuag
saqtevevbetsagqoluoqleqluhqfetnsnoeaodxqbdsahehqlsvnedpqoiqolevqudmuxn
bepite,quahqluhqunqfetnsnoeaodxqneeaqiadxqpu donquahqpdumnqsaqoleqfiit
bixnyqOleqvsasnoetqteduoehqvuaxquqoi clsagqsacsheaoqsaqoleqdskenqipqole
hefutoeh,qoii,qmlsclqsdd notuoehqolestqnmeeo,qgeaeti nqauo ten,quahqole
feifdeqci dhqeunsdxqnee,qaim,qlimqaibdequahqbeu osp dqolineqefsnihen
mete,quahqtevevbetehqmsolqgtsepqoluoquoqoleqosveqolexqicc ttehqolexqluh
neevehqtuarqtuncudsosen,qmeddqhenetksagqipqoleqcimlsheyqOleqciagteguosia
becuveqvitequahqviteqvikeh,qunqoleqfuoleoscqoudeqmeaoqia,qosddquoqduno
oleqmlideqcivfuaxqbtireqhimaquahqzisaehqoleqmeefsagqvi taetnqsaquqclit n
ipquag snlehqnibn,qoleqfteucletqlsvnedpqgsksagqmuxqoiqlsnqpeedsagn,quah
ctxsagqsaqoleqf dfsoy

Oleteqmunquqt nodeqsaqoleqguddetx,qmlsclqaibihxqaiosceh;quqviveaoqduoet
oleqcl tclqhiitqcteureh;qoleqvsasnoetqtusnehqlsnqnoteuvsagqexenqubike
lsnqluahretclsep,quahqnoiihqotuanpsjeh!qPstnoqiaequahqoleaquaioletqfust
ipqexenqpiddimehqoleqvsasnoet'n,quahqoleaqudvinoqmsolqiaeqsvf dneqole
ciagteguosiaqtinequahqnoutehqmlsdeqoleqolteeqheuhqbixnqcuveqvutclsagq f
olequsnde,qOivqsaqoleqdeuh,qZieqaejo,quahqL cr,quqt saqipqhtiifsagqtugn,
naeursagqnleefsnldxqsaqoleqteut!qOlexqluhqbeeaqlshqsaqoleq a nehqguddetx
dsnoeasagqoiqolestqimaqp aetudqnetvia!

U aoqFiddx,qVutx,quahqoleqLutfetnqoltemqolevnedkenq fiaqolestqtenoiteh
iaen,qnvioletehqolevqmsolqrsnnenquahqfi tehqi oqoluarngsksagn,qmlsde
fiitqL crqnoiihqubunlehquahq acivpitoubde,qaioqraimsagqejucodxqmluo
oiqhiqitqmleteqoiqlsheqptivqniqvuaxq amedcivsagqexenyqLeqmuketeh,quah
noutoehqoiqndsarqumux,qb oqOivqnes.ehqlsvquahqnush:

“U aoqFiddx,qsoqusa'oqpustyqNivebihx'nqgioqoiqbeqgduhqoiqneeqL cry”

“UahqniqolexqnluddyqS'vqgduhqoiqneeqlsv,qfiitqvioletdennqolsag!”qUah
oleqdiksagquooeaosianqU aoqFiddxqduksnlehq fiaqlsvqmeteqoleqiaeqolsag
cufubdeqipqvursagqlsvqviteq acivpitoubdeqoluaqleqmunqbepitey

N hheadxqoleqvsasnoetqnli oehquoqoleqoifqipqlsnqkisce:q“FtusneqGihqptiv
mlivquddqbdennsagnqpdim--_nsag_!--uahqf oqxi tqleutonqsaqso!”

UahqolexqhshyqIdhqL ahtehqnmeddehq fqmsolquqots vfluaoqb tno,quah
mlsdeqsoqnliirqoleqtupoetnqOivqNumxetqoleqFstuoeqdiirehquti ahq fiaqole
eakxsagqz keasdenqubi oqlsvquahqciapennehqsaqlsnqleutoqoluoqolsnqmunqole
fti henoqviveaoqipqlsnqdspey

Unqoleq“nidh”qciagteguosiaqotiifehqi oqolexqnushqolexqmi dhqudvinoqbe
msddsagqoiqbeqvuheqtshsc di nqugusaqoiqleutqIdhqL ahtehqn agqdsreqoluo
iaceqvitey

Oivqgioqviteqc ppnquahqrsnnenqoluoqhux--uccithsagqoiqU aoqFiddx'nqkutxsag
viihn--oluaqleqluhqeutaehqbepiteqsaquqxeut;quahqleqluthdxqraemqmlscl
ejftennehqoleqvinoqgtuoep daennqoiqGihquahquppecosiaqpitqlsvnedpy




CLUFOETqJKSSS

OLUOqmunqOiv'nqgteuoqnecteo--oleqncleveqoiqteo taqliveqmsolqlsnqbtiolet
fstuoenquahquooeahqolestqimaqp aetudnyqOlexqluhqfuhhdehqiketqoiqole
Vsnni tsqnliteqiaquqdig,quoqh nrqiaqNuo thux,qduahsagqpskeqitqnsjqvsden
bedimqoleqksdduge;qolexqluhqndefoqsaqoleqmiihnquoqoleqehgeqipqoleqoima
osddqaeutdxqhuxdsglo,quahqluhqoleaqctefoqolti glqbucrqduaenquahquddexn
uahqpsasnlehqolestqndeefqsaqoleqguddetxqipqoleqcl tclquviagquqcluinqip
sakudshehqbeacleny

Uoqbteurpuno,qViahuxqvitasag,qU aoqFiddxquahqVutxqmeteqketxqdiksagqoi
Oiv,quahqketxquooeaoskeqoiqlsnqmuaonyqOleteqmunquaq a n udquvi aoqip
oudryqSaqoleqci tneqipqsoqU aoqFiddxqnush:

“Medd,qSqhia'oqnuxqsoqmuna'oquqpsaeqzire,qOiv,qoiqreefqeketxbihx
n ppetsagq'vinoquqmeerqniqxi qbixnqluhquqgiihqosve,qb oqsoqsnquqfsoxqxi 
ci dhqbeqniqluth-leutoehqunqoiqdeoqveqn ppetqniyqSpqxi qci dhqciveqiket
iaquqdigqoiqgiqoiqxi tqp aetud,qxi qci dhqlukeqciveqiketquahqgskeqvequ
lsaoqniveqmuxqoluoqxi qmuta'oqheuh,qb oqiadxqt aqippy”

“Xen,qxi qci dhqlukeqhiaeqoluo,qOiv,”qnushqVutx;q“uahqSqbedsekeqxi 
mi dhqspqxi qluhqoli gloqipqsoy”

“Mi dhqxi ,qOiv?”qnushqU aoqFiddx,qletqpuceqdsglosagqmsnop ddxyq“Nux,
aim,qmi dhqxi ,qspqxi 'hqoli gloqipqso?”

“S--medd,qSqhia'oqraimyq'Omi dhq'u'qnfisdehqeketxolsagy”

“Oiv,qSqlifehqxi qdikehqveqoluoqv cl,”qnushqU aoqFiddx,qmsolquqgtsekeh
oiaeqoluoqhsncivpitoehqoleqbixyq“Soqmi dhqlukeqbeeaqniveolsagqspqxi 'h
cutehqeai glqoiq_olsar_qipqso,qekeaqspqxi qhsha'oq_hi_qsoy”

“Aim,qu aose,qoluoqusa'oquaxqlutv,”qfdeuhehqVutx;q“so'nqiadxqOiv'nqgshhx
mux--leqsnqudmuxnqsaqn clquqt nlqoluoqleqaeketqolsarnqipquaxolsagy”

“Vite'nqoleqfsoxyqNshqmi dhqlukeqoli gloyqUahqNshqmi dhqlukeqcivequah
_hiae_qso,qoiiyqOiv,qxi 'ddqdiirqbucr,qniveqhux,qmleaqso'nqoiiqduoe,
uahqmsnlqxi 'hqcutehquqdsoodeqviteqpitqveqmleaqsoqmi dhqlukeqcinoqxi qni
dsoodey”

“Aim,qu aose,qxi qraimqSqhiqcuteqpitqxi ,”qnushqOivy

“S'hqraimqsoqbeooetqspqxi qucoehqviteqdsreqsoy”

“SqmsnlqaimqS'hqoli glo,”qnushqOiv,qmsolquqtefeaouaoqoiae;q“b oqSqhteuvo
ubi oqxi ,quaxmuxyqOluo'nqniveolsag,qusa'oqso?”

“Soqusa'oqv cl--uqcuoqhienqoluoqv cl--b oqso'nqbeooetqoluaqaiolsagyqMluo
hshqxi qhteuv?”

“Mlx,qMehaenhuxqasgloqSqhteuvoqoluoqxi qmunqnsoosagqiketqoleteqbxqole
beh,quahqNshqmunqnsoosagqbxqoleqmiihbij,quahqVutxqaejoqoiqlsvy”

“Medd,qniqmeqhshyqNiqmequdmuxnqhiyqS'vqgduhqxi tqhteuvnqci dhqoureqekea
oluoqv clqoti bdequbi oq ny”

“UahqSqhteuvoqoluoqZieqLutfet'nqvioletqmunqletey”

“Mlx,qnleqmunqlete!qHshqxi qhteuvquaxqvite?”

“Il,qdionyqB oqso'nqniqhsv,qaimy”

“Medd,qotxqoiqteciddeco--cua'oqxi ?”

“Nivelimqsoqneevnqoiqveqoluoqoleqmsah--oleqmsahqbdimehqole--ole--”

“Otxqluthet,qOiv!qOleqmsahqhshqbdimqniveolsagyqCive!”

Oivqftennehqlsnqpsagetnqiaqlsnqpiteleuhquaquajsi nqvsa oe,quahqolea
nush:

“S'keqgioqsoqaim!qS'keqgioqsoqaim!qSoqbdimehqoleqcuahde!”

“Vetcxqiaq n!qGiqia,qOiv--giqia!”

“Uahqsoqneevnqoiqveqoluoqxi qnush,q'Mlx,qSqbedsekeqoluoqoluoqhiit--'”

“Giq_ia_,qOiv!”

“Z noqdeoqveqno hxquqviveao--z noquqviveaoyqIl,qxen--xi qnushqxi qbedsekeh
oleqhiitqmunqifeay”

“UnqS'vqnsoosagqlete,qSqhsh!qHsha'oqS,qVutx!qGiqia!”

“Uahqolea--uahqolea--meddqSqmia'oqbeqcetousa,qb oqsoqneevnqdsrequnqspqxi 
vuheqNshqgiquah--uah--”

“Medd?qMedd?qMluoqhshqSqvureqlsvqhi,qOiv?qMluoqhshqSqvureqlsvqhi?”

“Xi qvuheqlsv--xi --Il,qxi qvuheqlsvqnl oqsoy”

“Medd,qpitqoleqduah'nqnure!qSqaeketqleuthqoleqbeuoqipqoluoqsaquddqvx
huxn!qHia'oqoeddq_ve_qoletequsa'oquaxolsagqsaqhteuvn,quaxqviteyqNeteax
LutfetqnluddqraimqipqolsnqbepiteqS'vquaqli tqidhetyqS'hqdsreqoiqneeqlet
geoquti ahq_olsn_qmsolqletqt bbugeq'bi oqn fetnososiayqGiqia,qOiv!”

“Il,qso'nquddqgeoosagqz noqunqbtsgloqunqhux,qaimyqAejoqxi qnushqSqmuta'o
_buh_,qiadxqvsncleeki nquahqlut v-ncut v,quahqaioquaxqviteqtenfiansbde
olua--olua--Sqolsarqsoqmunquqcido,qitqniveolsagy”

“Uahqniqsoqmun!qMedd,qgiihaennqgtucsi n!qGiqia,qOiv!”

“Uahqoleaqxi qbeguaqoiqctxy”

“NiqSqhshyqNiqSqhshyqAioqoleqpstnoqosve,qaesoletyqUahqolea--”

“OleaqVtnyqLutfetqnleqbeguaqoiqctx,quahqnushqZieqmunqz noqoleqnuve,quah
nleqmsnlehqnleqluha'oqmlsffehqlsvqpitqoursagqcteuvqmleaqnle'hqoltimehqso
i oqletqimaqnedp--”

“Oiv!qOleqnfettsoqmunq fiaqxi !qXi qmunquqftiflenxsag--oluo'nqmluoqxi 
munqhisag!qDuahqudske,qgiqia,qOiv!”

“OleaqNshqleqnush--leqnush--”

“Sqhia'oqolsarqSqnushquaxolsag,”qnushqNshy

“Xenqxi qhsh,qNsh,”qnushqVutxy

“Nl oqxi tqleuhnquahqdeoqOivqgiqia!qMluoqhshqleqnux,qOiv?”

“Leqnush--Sq_olsar_qleqnushqleqlifehqSqmunqbeooetqippqmleteqSqmunqgiae
oi,qb oqspqS'hqbeeaqbeooetqniveosven--”

“_Olete_,qh'xi qleutqoluo!qSoqmunqlsnqketxqmithn!”

“Uahqxi qnl oqlsvq fqnlutfy”

“SqduxqSqhsh!qOleteqv noq'u'qbeeaquaquagedqoleteyqOleteq_mun_quaquaged
olete,qnivemleten!”

“UahqVtnyqLutfetqoidhqubi oqZieqncutsagqletqmsolquqpstectucret,quahqxi 
oidhqubi oqFeoetquahqoleqFusa-rsddet--”

“Z noqunqot equnqSqdske!”

“Uahqoleaqoleteqmunquqmlideqdioqipqoudrq'bi oqhtuggsagqoleqtsketqpitq n,
uahq'bi oqluksagqoleqp aetudqN ahux,quahqoleaqxi quahqidhqVsnnqLutfet
l ggehquahqctseh,quahqnleqmeaoy”

“Soqluffeaehqz noqni!qSoqluffeaehqz noqni,qunqn tequnqS'vqu-nsoosagqsa
oleneqketxqotucrnyqOiv,qxi qci dha'oqoidhqsoqviteqdsreqspqxi 'hq'u'qneea
so!qUahqoleaqmluo?qGiqia,qOiv!”

“OleaqSqoli gloqxi qftuxehqpitqve--uahqSqci dhqneeqxi quahqleutqeketx
mithqxi qnushyqUahqxi qmeaoqoiqbeh,quahqSqmunqniqnittxqoluoqSqoiirquah
mtioeqiaquqfseceqipqnxcuviteqbutr,q'Mequsa'oqheuh--mequteqiadxqippqbesag
fstuoen,'quahqf oqsoqiaqoleqoubdeqbxqoleqcuahde;quahqoleaqxi qdiireh
niqgiih,qduxsagqoletequndeef,qoluoqSqoli gloqSqmeaoquahqdeuaehqiketquah
rsnnehqxi qiaqoleqdsfny”

“Hshqxi ,qOiv,q_hsh_qxi !qSqz noqpitgskeqxi qeketxolsagqpitqoluo!”qUah
nleqnes.ehqoleqbixqsaquqct nlsagqevbtuceqoluoqvuheqlsvqpeedqdsreqole
g sdosenoqipqksddusany

“Soqmunqketxqrsah,qekeaqoli glqsoqmunqiadxqu--hteuv,”qNshqnidsdiw s.eh
z noqu hsbdxy

“Nl oq f,qNsh!qUqbihxqhienqz noqoleqnuveqsaquqhteuvqunqle'hqhiqspqleqmun
umureyqLete'nquqbsgqVsd vquffdeqS'keqbeeaqnuksagqpitqxi ,qOiv,qspqxi 
munqeketqpi ahqugusa--aimqgiq'diagqoiqncliidyqS'vqoluarp dqoiqoleqgiih
GihquahqPuoletqipq nquddqS'keqgioqxi qbucr,qoluo'nqdiag-n ppetsagquah
vetcsp dqoiqolevqoluoqbedsekeqiaqLsvquahqreefqLsnqmith,qoli glqgiihaenn
raimnqS'vq amitolxqipqso,qb oqspqiadxqoleqmitolxqiaenqgioqLsnqbdennsagn
uahqluhqLsnqluahqoiqledfqolevqiketqoleqti glqfducen,qolete'nqpemqeai gl
mi dhqnvsdeqleteqitqeketqeaoetqsaoiqLsnqtenoqmleaqoleqdiagqasgloqciveny
Giq'diagqNsh,qVutx,qOiv--oureqxi tnedkenqipp--xi 'keqleahetehqveqdiag
eai gly”

Oleqclsdhteaqdepoqpitqncliid,quahqoleqidhqduhxqoiqcuddqiaqVtnyqLutfet
uahqkuaw snlqletqteudsnvqmsolqOiv'nqvutkeddi nqhteuvyqNshqluhqbeooet
z hgveaoqoluaqoiq ooetqoleqoli gloqoluoqmunqsaqlsnqvsahqunqleqdepoqole
li neyqSoqmunqolsn:q“Fteooxqolsa--unqdiagquqhteuvqunqoluo,qmsoli oquax
vsnourenqsaqso!”

MluoquqletiqOivqmunqbecive,qaim!qLeqhshqaioqgiqnrsffsagquahqftuacsag,
b oqvikehqmsolquqhsgaspsehqnmuggetqunqbecuvequqfstuoeqmliqpedoqoluoqole
f bdscqexeqmunqiaqlsvyqUahqsaheehqsoqmun;qleqotsehqaioqoiqneevqoiqnee
oleqdiirnqitqleutqoleqtevutrnqunqleqfunnehqudiag,qb oqolexqmeteqpiihquah
htsarqoiqlsvyqNvuddetqbixnqoluaqlsvnedpqpdicrehquoqlsnqleedn,qunqfti h
oiqbeqneeaqmsolqlsv,quahqoidetuoehqbxqlsv,qunqspqleqluhqbeeaqoleqht vvet
uoqoleqleuhqipquqfticennsiaqitqoleqedefluaoqdeuhsagquqveaugetseqsaoi
oimayqBixnqipqlsnqimaqns.eqfteoeahehqaioqoiqraimqleqluhqbeeaqumuxquo
udd;qb oqolexqmeteqcian vsagqmsolqeakx,qaeketoledennyqOlexqmi dhqluke
gskeaquaxolsagqoiqlukeqoluoqnmutolxqn a-ouaaehqnrsaqipqlsn,quahqlsn
gdsooetsagqaioitseox;quahqOivqmi dhqaioqlukeqfutoehqmsolqesoletqpitqu
cstc ny

Uoqncliidqoleqclsdhteaqvuheqniqv clqipqlsvquahqipqZie,quahqhedsketeh
n clqediw eaoquhvstuosiaqptivqolestqexen,qoluoqoleqomiqletienqmete
aioqdiagqsaqbecivsagqsan ppetubdxq“no cr- fy”qOlexqbeguaqoiqoeddqolest
uhkeao tenqoiql agtxqdsnoeaetn--b oqolexqiadxqbegua;qsoqmunqaioqu
olsagqdsredxqoiqlukequaqeah,qmsolqsvugsauosianqdsreqolestnqoiqp tasnl
vuoetsudyqUahqpsauddx,qmleaqolexqgioqi oqolestqfsfenquahqmeaoqneteaedx
f ppsagquti ah,qoleqketxqn vvsoqipqgditxqmunqteuclehy

Oivqhecshehqoluoqleqci dhqbeqsahefeaheaoqipqBecrxqOluocletqaimyqGditx
munqn ppscseaoyqLeqmi dhqdskeqpitqgditxyqAimqoluoqleqmunqhsnosag snleh,
vuxbeqnleqmi dhqbeqmuaosagqoiq“vureq fy”qMedd,qdeoqlet--nleqnli dhqnee
oluoqleqci dhqbequnqsahsppeteaoqunqniveqioletqfeifdeyqFteneaodxqnle
uttskehyqOivqfteoeahehqaioqoiqneeqletyqLeqvikehqumuxquahqzisaehquqgti f
ipqbixnquahqgstdnquahqbeguaqoiqoudryqNiiaqleqibnetkehqoluoqnleqmun
otsffsagqguxdxqbucrquahqpitolqmsolqpd nlehqpucequahqhuacsagqexen,
fteoeahsagqoiqbeqb nxqclunsagqncliidvuoen,quahqncteuvsagqmsolqdu gloet
mleaqnleqvuhequqcufo te;qb oqleqaioscehqoluoqnlequdmuxnqvuheqlet
cufo tenqsaqlsnqkscsasox,quahqoluoqnleqneevehqoiqcunoquqciancsi nqexe
saqlsnqhstecosiaquoqn clqosven,qoiiyqSoqgtuospsehquddqoleqkscsi nqkuasox
oluoqmunqsaqlsv;quahqni,qsanoeuhqipqmsaasagqlsv,qsoqiadxq“neoqlsvq f”
qoleqvitequahqvuheqlsvqoleqviteqhsdsgeaoqoiqukishqbeotuxsagqoluoqle
raemqnleqmunqubi oyqFteneaodxqnleqgukeqiketqnrxdutrsag,quahqvikeh
sttenid oedxqubi o,qnsglsagqiaceqitqomscequahqgduacsagqp toskedxquah
msnop ddxqoimuthqOivyqOleaqnleqibnetkehqoluoqaimqOivqmunqoudrsagqvite
futosc dutdxqoiqUvxqDumteaceqoluaqoiquaxqiaeqedneyqNleqpedoquqnlutfqfuag
uahqgtemqhsno tbehquahq aeunxquoqiaceyqNleqotsehqoiqgiqumux,qb oqlet
peeoqmeteqoteucleti n,quahqcuttsehqletqoiqoleqgti fqsanoeuhyqNleqnushqoi
uqgstdqudvinoquoqOiv'nqedbim--msolqnluvqkskucsox:

“Mlx,qVutxqU nosa!qxi qbuhqgstd,qmlxqhsha'oqxi qciveqoiqN ahux-ncliid?”

“Sqhshqcive--hsha'oqxi qneeqve?”

“Mlx,qai!qHshqxi ?qMleteqhshqxi qnso?”

“SqmunqsaqVsnnqFeoetn'qcdunn,qmleteqSqudmuxnqgiyqSqnumq_xi _y”

“Hshqxi ?qMlx,qso'nqp aaxqSqhsha'oqneeqxi yqSqmuaoehqoiqoeddqxi qubi o
oleqfscascy”

“Il,qoluo'nqziddxyqMli'nqgisagqoiqgskeqso?”

“Vxqvu'nqgisagqoiqdeoqveqlukeqiaey”

“Il,qgiihx;qSqlifeqnle'ddqdeoq_ve_qcivey”

“Medd,qnleqmsddyqOleqfscasc'nqpitqveyqNle'ddqdeoquaxbihxqciveqoluoqS
muao,quahqSqmuaoqxi y”

“Oluo'nqeketqniqasceyqMleaqsnqsoqgisagqoiqbe?”

“BxquahqbxyqVuxbequbi oqkucuosiay”

“Il,qmia'oqsoqbeqp a!qXi qgisagqoiqlukequddqoleqgstdnquahqbixn?”

“Xen,qeketxqiaeqoluo'nqptseahnqoiqve--itqmuaonqoiqbe”;quahqnleqgduaceh
eketqniqp toskedxquoqOiv,qb oqleqoudrehqtsgloqudiagqoiqUvxqDumteace
ubi oqoleqoettsbdeqnoitvqiaqoleqsnduah,quahqlimqoleqdsgloasagqoiteqole
gteuoqnxcuviteqoteeq“uddqoiqpdsahetn”qmlsdeqleqmunq“nouahsagqmsolsa
olteeqpeeoqipqsoy”

“Il,qvuxqSqcive?”qnushqGtuceqVsddety

“Xeny”

“Uahqve?”qnushqNuddxqTigetny

“Xeny”

“Uahqve,qoii?”qnushqN nxqLutfetyq“UahqZie?”

“Xeny”

Uahqniqia,qmsolqcduffsagqipqzixp dqluahnqosddquddqoleqgti fqluhqbeggeh
pitqsaksouosianqb oqOivquahqUvxyqOleaqOivqo taehqciiddxqumux,qnosdd
oudrsag,quahqoiirqUvxqmsolqlsvyqBecrx'nqdsfnqotevbdehquahqoleqoeutn
cuveqoiqletqexen;qnleqlshqoleneqnsganqmsolquqpitcehqguxeoxquahqmeaoqia
cluooetsag,qb oqoleqdspeqluhqgiaeqi oqipqoleqfscasc,qaim,quahqi oqip
eketxolsagqedne;qnleqgioqumuxqunqniiaqunqnleqci dhquahqlshqletnedpquah
luhqmluoqletqnejqcuddq“uqgiihqctxy”qOleaqnleqnuoqviihx,qmsolqmi aheh
ftshe,qosddqoleqbeddqtuagyqNleqti nehq f,qaim,qmsolquqksahscoskeqcuno
saqletqexe,quahqgukeqletqfdusoehqousdnquqnlurequahqnushqnleqraemqmluo
_nle'h_qhiy

UoqtecennqOivqciaosa ehqlsnqpdstouosiaqmsolqUvxqmsolqz bsduao
nedp-nuosnpucosiayqUahqleqrefoqhtsposagqubi oqoiqpsahqBecrxquahqducetuoe
letqmsolqoleqfetpitvuaceyqUoqdunoqleqnfsehqlet,qb oqoleteqmunquqn hhea
puddsagqipqlsnqvetc txyqNleqmunqnsoosagqcinsdxqiaquqdsoodeqbeaclqbelsah
oleqncliidli neqdiirsagquoquqfsco te-biirqmsolqUdptehqOevfde--uahqni
ubnitbehqmeteqolex,quahqolestqleuhnqniqcdineqoigeoletqiketqoleqbiir,
oluoqolexqhshqaioqneevqoiqbeqciancsi nqipquaxolsagqsaqoleqmitdhqbensheny
Zeudi nxqtuaqteh-lioqolti glqOiv'nqkesanyqLeqbeguaqoiqluoeqlsvnedpqpit
oltimsagqumuxqoleqcluaceqBecrxqluhqippetehqpitquqteciacsdsuosiayqLe
cuddehqlsvnedpquqpiid,quahquddqoleqluthqauvenqleqci dhqolsarqipyqLe
muaoehqoiqctxqmsolqkejuosiayqUvxqcluooehqluffsdxqudiag,qunqolexqmudreh,
pitqletqleutoqmunqnsagsag,qb oqOiv'nqoiag eqluhqdinoqsonqp acosiayqLe
hshqaioqleutqmluoqUvxqmunqnuxsag,quahqmleaeketqnleqfu nehqejfecouaodx
leqci dhqiadxqnouvvetquaqumrmuthqunneao,qmlsclqmunqunqipoeaqvsnfduceh
unqioletmsneyqLeqrefoqhtsposagqoiqoleqteutqipqoleqncliidli ne,qugusaquah
ugusa,qoiqneutqlsnqexebuddnqmsolqoleqluoep dqnfecoucdeqoleteyqLeqci dh
aioqledfqsoyqUahqsoqvuhheaehqlsvqoiqnee,qunqleqoli gloqleqnum,qoluo
BecrxqOluocletqaeketqiaceqn nfecoehqoluoqleqmunqekeaqsaqoleqduahqipqole
dsksagyqB oqnleqhshqnee,qaeketoledenn;quahqnleqraemqnleqmunqmsaasagqlet
psglo,qoii,quahqmunqgduhqoiqneeqlsvqn ppetqunqnleqluhqn ppetehy

Uvx'nqluffxqftuoodeqbecuveqsaoidetubdeyqOivqlsaoehquoqolsagnqleqluh
oiquooeahqoi;qolsagnqoluoqv noqbeqhiae;quahqosveqmunqpdeeosagyqB oqsa
kusa--oleqgstdqclstfehqiayqOivqoli glo,q“Il,qluagqlet,qusa'oqSqeketqgisag
oiqgeoqtshqipqlet?”qUoqdunoqleqv noqbequooeahsagqoiqolineqolsagn--uahqnle
nushqutodenndxqoluoqnleqmi dhqbeq“uti ah”qmleaqncliidqdeoqi oyqUahqle
lunoeaehqumux,qluosagqletqpitqsoy

“Uaxqioletqbix!”qOivqoli glo,qgtuosagqlsnqoeeolyq“Uaxqbixqsaqoleqmlide
oimaqb oqoluoqNusaoqDi snqnvutoxqoluoqolsarnqleqhtennenqniqpsaequahqsn
utsnoictucx!qIl,quddqtsglo,qSqdscrehqxi qoleqpstnoqhuxqxi qeketqnumqolsn
oima,qvsnoet,quahqS'ddqdscrqxi qugusa!qXi qz noqmusoqosddqSqcuoclqxi 
i o!qS'ddqz noqourequah--”

Uahqleqmeaoqolti glqoleqviosianqipqoltunlsagquaqsvugsautxqbix--f vveddsag
olequst,quahqrscrsagquahqgi gsagyq“Il,qxi qhi,qhiqxi ?qXi qliddet
'ai gl,qhiqxi ?qAim,qolea,qdeoqoluoqdeutaqxi !”qUahqniqoleqsvugsautx
pdiggsagqmunqpsasnlehqoiqlsnqnuosnpucosiay

OivqpdehqlivequoqaiiayqLsnqciancseaceqci dhqaioqeah tequaxqviteqipqUvx'n
gtuoep dqluffsaenn,quahqlsnqzeudi nxqci dhqbeutqaiqviteqipqoleqiolet
hsnotennyqBecrxqten vehqletqfsco teqsanfecosianqmsolqUdpteh,qb oqunqole
vsa oenqhtuggehqudiagquahqaiqOivqcuveqoiqn ppet,qletqots vflqbeguaqoi
cdi hquahqnleqdinoqsaoeteno;qgtuksoxquahqubneaovsahehaennqpiddimeh,
uahqoleaqveduaclidx;qomiqitqolteeqosvenqnleqftscrehq fqletqeutquo
uqpiionoef,qb oqsoqmunquqpudneqlife;qaiqOivqcuveyqUoqdunoqnleqgtem
eaostedxqvsnetubdequahqmsnlehqnleqluha'oqcuttsehqsoqniqputyqMlea
fiitqUdpteh,qneesagqoluoqleqmunqdinsagqlet,qleqhshqaioqraimqlim,qrefo
ejcdusvsag:q“Il,qlete'nquqziddxqiae!qdiirquoqolsn!”qnleqdinoqfuoseacequo
duno,quahqnush,q“Il,qhia'oqbioletqve!qSqhia'oqcuteqpitqolev!”quahqb tno
saoiqoeutn,quahqgioq fquahqmudrehqumuxy

Udptehqhtiffehqudiagnshequahqmunqgisagqoiqotxqoiqcivpitoqlet,qb oqnle
nush:

“Giqumuxquahqdeukeqvequdiae,qcua'oqxi !qSqluoeqxi !”

Niqoleqbixqludoeh,qmiahetsagqmluoqleqci dhqlukeqhiae--pitqnleqluhqnush
nleqmi dhqdiirquoqfsco tenquddqolti glqoleqaiiasag--uahqnleqmudrehqia,
ctxsagyqOleaqUdptehqmeaoqv nsagqsaoiqoleqhenetoehqncliidli neyqLeqmun
l vsdsuoehquahquagtxyqLeqeunsdxqg ennehqlsnqmuxqoiqoleqot ol--oleqgstd
luhqnsvfdxqvuhequqciakeaseaceqipqlsvqoiqkeaoqletqnfsoeq fiaqOivqNumxety
LeqmunqputqptivqluosagqOivqoleqdennqmleaqolsnqoli gloqicc ttehqoiqlsvy
Leqmsnlehqoleteqmunqniveqmuxqoiqgeoqoluoqbixqsaoiqoti bdeqmsoli oqv cl
tsnrqoiqlsvnedpyqOiv'nqnfeddsag-biirqpeddq ahetqlsnqexeyqLeteqmunqlsn
iffito asoxyqLeqgtuoep ddxqifeaehqoiqoleqdenniaqpitqolequpoetaiiaquah
fi tehqsarq fiaqoleqfugey

Becrx,qgduacsagqsaquoquqmsahimqbelsahqlsvquoqoleqviveao,qnumqolequco,
uahqvikehqia,qmsoli oqhsnciketsagqletnedpyqNleqnoutoehqlivemuth,qaim,
saoeahsagqoiqpsahqOivquahqoeddqlsv;qOivqmi dhqbeqoluarp dquahqolest
oti bdenqmi dhqbeqleudehyqBepiteqnleqmunqludpqmuxqlive,qlimeket,qnle
luhqcluagehqletqvsahyqOleqoli gloqipqOiv'nqoteuoveaoqipqletqmleaqnleqmun
oudrsagqubi oqletqfscascqcuveqncitclsagqbucrquahqpsddehqletqmsolqnluvey
Nleqtenidkehqoiqdeoqlsvqgeoqmlsffehqiaqoleqhuvugehqnfeddsag-biir'n
ucci ao,quahqoiqluoeqlsvqpiteket,qsaoiqoleqbutgusay




CLUFOETqJSJ

OIVquttskehquoqliveqsaquqhteutxqviih,quahqoleqpstnoqolsagqlsnqu aoqnush
oiqlsvqnlimehqlsvqoluoqleqluhqbti gloqlsnqnittimnqoiquaq aftivsnsag
vutreo:

“Oiv,qS'kequqaiosiaqoiqnrsaqxi qudske!”

“U aose,qmluoqlukeqSqhiae?”

“Medd,qxi 'keqhiaeqeai glyqLeteqSqgiqiketqoiqNeteaxqLutfet,qdsrequaqidh
nipox,qejfecosagqS'vqgisagqoiqvureqletqbedsekequddqoluoqt bbugequbi o
oluoqhteuv,qmleaqdiquahqbelidhqxi qnle'hqpi ahqi oqptivqZieqoluoqxi qmun
iketqletequahqleuthquddqoleqoudrqmeqluhqoluoqasgloyqOiv,qSqhia'oqraim
mluoqsnqoiqbeciveqipquqbixqoluoqmsddqucoqdsreqoluoyqSoqvurenqveqpeedqni
buhqoiqolsarqxi qci dhqdeoqveqgiqoiqNeteaxqLutfetquahqvureqn clquqpiid
ipqvxnedpquahqaeketqnuxquqmithy”

OlsnqmunquqaemqunfecoqipqoleqolsagyqLsnqnvutoaennqipqoleqvitasagqluh
neevehqoiqOivquqgiihqzireqbepite,quahqketxqsageasi nyqSoqvetedxqdiireh
veuaquahqnlubbxqaimyqLeql agqlsnqleuhquahqci dhqaioqolsarqipquaxolsagqoi
nuxqpitquqviveaoyqOleaqleqnush:

“U aose,qSqmsnlqSqluha'oqhiaeqso--b oqSqhsha'oqolsary”

“Il,qclsdh,qxi qaeketqolsaryqXi qaeketqolsarqipquaxolsagqb oqxi t
imaqnedpsnlaennyqXi qci dhqolsarqoiqcivequddqoleqmuxqiketqleteqptiv
Zucrnia'nqSnduahqsaqoleqasgloqoiqdu glquoqi tqoti bden,quahqxi qci dh
olsarqoiqpiidqveqmsolquqdsequbi oquqhteuv;qb oqxi qci dha'oqeketqolsar
oiqfsoxq nquahqnukeq nqptivqnittimy”

“U aose,qSqraimqaimqsoqmunqveua,qb oqSqhsha'oqveuaqoiqbeqveuayqSqhsha'o,
liaenoyqUahqbenshen,qSqhsha'oqciveqiketqleteqoiqdu glquoqxi qoluo
asgloy”

“Mluoqhshqxi qciveqpit,qolea?”

“Soqmunqoiqoeddqxi qaioqoiqbeq aeunxqubi oq n,qbecu neqmeqluha'oqgio
htimahehy”

“Oiv,qOiv,qSqmi dhqbeqoleqoluarp ddenoqni dqsaqolsnqmitdhqspqSqci dh
bedsekeqxi qeketqluhqunqgiihquqoli gloqunqoluo,qb oqxi qraimqxi qaeket
hsh--uahqSqraimqso,qOivy”

“Saheehquahq'heehqSqhsh,qu aose--SqmsnlqSqvuxqaeketqnostqspqSqhsha'oy”

“Il,qOiv,qhia'oqdse--hia'oqhiqsoyqSoqiadxqvurenqolsagnquql ahtehqosven
mitney”

“Soqusa'oquqdse,qu aose;qso'nqoleqot olyqSqmuaoehqoiqreefqxi qptiv
gtseksag--oluoqmunquddqoluoqvuheqveqcivey”

“S'hqgskeqoleqmlideqmitdhqoiqbedsekeqoluo--soqmi dhqciketq fquqfimet
ipqnsan,qOivyqS'hq'vinoqbeqgduhqxi 'hqt aqippquahqucoehqniqbuhyqB oqso
usa'oqteuniaubde;qbecu ne,qmlxqhsha'oqxi qoeddqve,qclsdh?”

“Mlx,qxi qnee,qmleaqxi qgioqoiqoudrsagqubi oqoleqp aetud,qSqz noqgioqudd
p ddqipqoleqsheuqipqi tqcivsagquahqlshsagqsaqoleqcl tcl,quahqSqci dha'o
nivelimqbeutqoiqnfisdqsoyqNiqSqz noqf oqoleqbutrqbucrqsaqvxqficreoquah
refoqv vy”

“Mluoqbutr?”

“OleqbutrqSqluhqmtioeqiaqoiqoeddqxi qme'hqgiaeqfstuosagyqSqmsnl,qaim,
xi 'hqmurehq fqmleaqSqrsnnehqxi --Sqhi,qliaenoy”

Oleqluthqdsaenqsaqlsnqu ao'nqpuceqtedujehquahquqn hheaqoeahetaennqhumaeh
saqletqexeny

“_Hsh_qxi qrsnnqve,qOiv?”

“Mlx,qxen,qSqhshy”

“Uteqxi qn teqxi qhsh,qOiv?”

“Mlx,qxen,qSqhsh,qu aose--cetousaqn tey”

“Mluoqhshqxi qrsnnqveqpit,qOiv?”

“Becu neqSqdikehqxi qni,quahqxi qdushqoleteqviuasagquahqSqmunqniqnittxy”

Oleqmithnqni ahehqdsreqot olyqOleqidhqduhxqci dhqaioqlshequqotevitqsa
letqkisceqmleaqnleqnush:

“Rsnnqvequgusa,qOiv!--uahqbeqippqmsolqxi qoiqncliid,qaim,quahqhia'o
bioletqvequaxqvitey”

Oleqviveaoqleqmunqgiae,qnleqtuaqoiquqcdineoquahqgioqi oqoleqt saqipqu
zucreoqmlsclqOivqluhqgiaeqfstuosagqsayqOleaqnleqnoiffeh,qmsolqsoqsaqlet
luah,quahqnushqoiqletnedp:

“Ai,qSqhia'oqhuteyqFiitqbix,qSqtecriaqle'nqdsehqubi oqso--b oqso'nqu
bdenneh,qbdennehqdse,qolete'nqn clquqcivpitoqciveqptivqsoyqSqlife
oleqDith--Sq_raim_qoleqDithqmsddqpitgskeqlsv,qbecu neqsoqmunqn cl
giih-leutoehaennqsaqlsvqoiqoeddqsoyqB oqSqhia'oqmuaoqoiqpsahqi oqso'nqu
dseyqSqmia'oqdiiry”

Nleqf oqoleqzucreoqumux,quahqnoiihqbxqv nsagquqvsa oeyqOmsceqnleqf oqi o
letqluahqoiqoureqoleqgutveaoqugusa,quahqomsceqnleqteptusaehyqIaceqvite
nleqkeao teh,quahqolsnqosveqnleqpitospsehqletnedpqmsolqoleqoli glo:
“So'nquqgiihqdse--so'nquqgiihqdse--Sqmia'oqdeoqsoqgtsekeqvey”qNiqnle
ni gloqoleqzucreoqficreoyqUqviveaoqduoetqnleqmunqteuhsagqOiv'nqfseceqip
butrqolti glqpdimsagqoeutnquahqnuxsag:q“Sqci dhqpitgskeqoleqbix,qaim,qsp
le'hqcivvsooehquqvsddsiaqnsan!”




CLUFOETqJJ

OLETEqmunqniveolsagqubi oqU aoqFiddx'nqvuaaet,qmleaqnleqrsnnehqOiv,qoluo
nmefoqumuxqlsnqdimqnfstsonquahqvuheqlsvqdsgloleutoehquahqluffxqugusayqLe
noutoehqoiqncliidquahqluhqoleqd crqipqcivsagq fiaqBecrxqOluocletquoqole
leuhqipqVeuhimqDuaeyqLsnqviihqudmuxnqheoetvsaehqlsnqvuaaetyqMsoli oqu
viveao'nqlensouosiaqleqtuaqoiqletquahqnush:

“Squcoehqvsgloxqveuaqoihux,qBecrx,quahqS'vqniqnittxyqSqmia'oqeket,qeket
hiqoluoqmuxqugusa,qunqdiagqunqeketqSqdske--fdeuneqvureq f,qmia'oqxi ?”

Oleqgstdqnoiffehquahqdiirehqlsvqncitap ddxqsaqoleqpuce:

“S'ddqoluarqxi qoiqreefqxi tnedpq_oi_qxi tnedp,qVtyqOlivunqNumxetyqS'dd
aeketqnfeurqoiqxi qugusay”

NleqoinnehqletqleuhquahqfunnehqiayqOivqmunqniqno aaehqoluoqleqluhqaio
ekeaqfteneaceqipqvsahqeai glqoiqnuxq“Mliqcuten,qVsnnqNvutox?”q aosdqole
tsgloqosveqoiqnuxqsoqluhqgiaeqbxyqNiqleqnushqaiolsagyqB oqleqmunqsaqu
psaeqtuge,qaeketoledennyqLeqvifehqsaoiqoleqncliidxuthqmsnlsagqnleqmete
uqbix,quahqsvugsasagqlimqleqmi dhqoti aceqletqspqnleqmeteyqLeqfteneaodx
eaci aoetehqletquahqhedsketehquqnosagsagqtevutrqunqleqfunnehyqNleql tdeh
iaeqsaqteo ta,quahqolequagtxqbteuclqmunqcivfdeoeyqSoqneevehqoiqBecrx,qsa
letqlioqteneaoveao,qoluoqnleqci dhqluthdxqmusoqpitqncliidqoiq“oureqsa,”
qnleqmunqniqsvfuoseaoqoiqneeqOivqpdiggehqpitqoleqsaz tehqnfeddsag-biiry
SpqnleqluhqluhquaxqdsagetsagqaiosiaqipqejfinsagqUdptehqOevfde,qOiv'n
ippeanskeqpdsagqluhqhtskeaqsoqeaostedxqumuxy

Fiitqgstd,qnleqhshqaioqraimqlimqpunoqnleqmunqaeutsagqoti bdeqletnedpy
Oleqvunoet,qVtyqHibbsan,qluhqteuclehqvshhdequgeqmsolquaq anuosnpseh
uvbsosiayqOleqhutdsagqipqlsnqhenstenqmun,qoiqbequqhicoit,qb o
fiketoxqluhqhecteehqoluoqleqnli dhqbeqaiolsagqlsgletqoluaquqksdduge
ncliidvunoetyqEketxqhuxqleqoiirquqvxnoetsi nqbiirqi oqipqlsnqhenrquah
ubnitbehqlsvnedpqsaqsoquoqosvenqmleaqaiqcdunnenqmeteqtecsosagyqLeqrefo
oluoqbiirq ahetqdicrquahqrexyqOleteqmunqaioquaq tclsaqsaqncliidqb oqmun
fetsnlsagqoiqlukequqgdsvfneqipqso,qb oqoleqcluaceqaeketqcuveyqEketxqbix
uahqgstdqluhquqoleitxqubi oqoleqauo teqipqoluoqbiir;qb oqaiqomiqoleitsen
metequdsre,quahqoleteqmunqaiqmuxqipqgeoosagquoqoleqpuconqsaqoleqcuney
Aim,qunqBecrxqmunqfunnsagqbxqoleqhenr,qmlsclqnoiihqaeutqoleqhiit,qnle
aioscehqoluoqoleqrexqmunqsaqoleqdicr!qSoqmunquqftecsi nqviveaoyqNle
gduacehquti ah;qpi ahqletnedpqudiae,quahqoleqaejoqsanouaoqnleqluhqole
biirqsaqletqluahnyqOleqosodefuge--FtipennitqNivebihx'nq_Uauoivx_--cuttseh
aiqsapitvuosiaqoiqletqvsah;qniqnleqbeguaqoiqo taqoleqdeukenyqNleqcuvequo
iaceq fiaquqluahnivedxqeagtukehquahqciditehqptiaosnfsece--uql vuaqpsg te,
noutrqaurehyqUoqoluoqviveaoquqnluhimqpeddqiaqoleqfugequahqOivqNumxet
noeffehqsaquoqoleqhiitquahqcu gloquqgdsvfneqipqoleqfsco teyqBecrx
nauoclehquoqoleqbiirqoiqcdineqso,quahqluhqoleqluthqd crqoiqoeutqole
fsco tehqfugeqludpqhimaqoleqvshhdeyqNleqolt noqoleqkid veqsaoiqoleqhenr,
o taehqoleqrex,quahqb tnoqi oqctxsagqmsolqnluvequahqkejuosiay

“OivqNumxet,qxi quteqz noqunqveuaqunqxi qcuaqbe,qoiqnaeurq fqiaquqfetnia
uahqdiirquoqmluoqolex'teqdiirsagquoy”

“Limqci dhqSqraimqxi qmunqdiirsagquoquaxolsag?”

“Xi qi gloqoiqbequnluvehqipqxi tnedp,qOivqNumxet;qxi qraimqxi 'te
gisagqoiqoeddqiaqve,quahqil,qmluoqnluddqSqhi,qmluoqnluddqSqhi!qS'ddqbe
mlsffeh,quahqSqaeketqmunqmlsffehqsaqncliidy”

Oleaqnleqnouvfehqletqdsoodeqpiioquahqnush:

“_Be_qniqveuaqspqxi qmuaoqoi!qSqraimqniveolsagqoluo'nqgisagqoiqluffeay
Xi qz noqmusoquahqxi 'ddqnee!qLuoep d,qluoep d,qluoep d!”--uahqnleqpd ag
i oqipqoleqli neqmsolquqaemqejfdinsiaqipqctxsagy

Oivqnoiihqnosdd,qtuoletqpd noetehqbxqolsnqiandu gloyqFteneaodxqleqnush
oiqlsvnedp:

“Mluoquqc tsi nqrsahqipquqpiidquqgstdqsn!qAeketqbeeaqdscrehqsa
ncliid!qNl crn!qMluo'nquqdscrsag!qOluo'nqz noqdsrequqgstd--olex'teqni
olsa-nrsaaehquahqclscrea-leutoehyqMedd,qipqci tneqSqusa'oqgisagqoiqoedd
idhqHibbsanqiaqolsnqdsoodeqpiid,qbecu neqolete'nqioletqmuxnqipqgeoosag
ekeaqiaqlet,qoluoqusa'oqniqveua;qb oqmluoqipqso?qIdhqHibbsanqmsddqunr
mliqsoqmunqoiteqlsnqbiiryqAibihx'ddquanmetyqOleaqle'ddqhiqz noqoleqmux
lequdmuxnqhien--unrqpstnoqiaequahqoleaqo'iolet,quahqmleaqleqcivenqoiqole
tsgloqgstdqle'ddqraimqso,qmsoli oquaxqoeddsagyqGstdn'qpucenqudmuxnqoedd
iaqolevyqOlexqusa'oqgioquaxqbucrbiaeyqNle'ddqgeoqdscrehyqMedd,qso'nqu
rsahqipquqosgloqfduceqpitqBecrxqOluoclet,qbecu neqoletequsa'oquaxqmux
i oqipqsoy”qOivqciaaehqoleqolsagquqviveaoqdiaget,quahqoleaquhheh:q“Udd
tsglo,qoli gl;qnle'hqdsreqoiqneeqveqsaqz noqn clquqpsj--deoqletqnmeuoqso
i o!”

Oivqzisaehqoleqvibqipqnrxdutrsagqnclidutnqi onsheyqSaquqpemqviveaonqole
vunoetquttskehquahqncliidq“oiirqsay”qOivqhshqaioqpeedquqnotiagqsaoeteno
saqlsnqno hsenyqEketxqosveqleqnoidequqgduacequoqoleqgstdn'qnsheqipqole
tiivqBecrx'nqpuceqoti bdehqlsvyqCianshetsagquddqolsagn,qleqhshqaioqmuao
oiqfsoxqlet,quahqxeoqsoqmunquddqleqci dhqhiqoiqledfqsoyqLeqci dhqgeo
 fqaiqej douosiaqoluoqmunqteuddxqmitolxqoleqauveyqFteneaodxqole
nfeddsag-biirqhsnciketxqmunqvuhe,quahqOiv'nqvsahqmunqeaostedxqp dd
ipqlsnqimaqvuooetnqpitquqmlsdequpoetqoluoyqBecrxqti nehq fqptivqlet
deolutgxqipqhsnotennquahqnlimehqgiihqsaoetenoqsaqoleqfticeehsagnyqNle
hshqaioqejfecoqoluoqOivqci dhqgeoqi oqipqlsnqoti bdeqbxqheaxsagqoluoqle
nfsdoqoleqsarqiaqoleqbiirqlsvnedp;quahqnleqmunqtsgloyqOleqheasudqiadx
neevehqoiqvureqoleqolsagqmitneqpitqOivyqBecrxqn ffinehqnleqmi dhqbeqgduh
ipqoluo,quahqnleqotsehqoiqbedsekeqnleqmunqgduhqipqso,qb oqnleqpi ahqnle
munqaioqcetousayqMleaqoleqmitnoqcuveqoiqoleqmitno,qnleqluhquaqsvf dne
oiqgeoq fquahqoeddqiaqUdptehqOevfde,qb oqnleqvuhequaqeppitoquahqpitceh
letnedpqoiqreefqnosdd--becu ne,qnushqnleqoiqletnedp,q“le'ddqoeddqubi oqve
oeutsagqoleqfsco teqn teyqSqmi dha'oqnuxquqmith,qaioqoiqnukeqlsnqdspe!”

Oivqoiirqlsnqmlsffsagquahqmeaoqbucrqoiqlsnqneuoqaioquoqudd
btirea-leutoeh,qpitqleqoli gloqsoqmunqfinnsbdeqoluoqleqluhq araimsagdx
 fneoqoleqsarqiaqoleqnfeddsag-biirqlsvnedp,qsaqniveqnrxdutrsagqbi o--le
luhqheasehqsoqpitqpitv'nqnurequahqbecu neqsoqmunqc noiv,quahqluhqno cr
oiqoleqheasudqptivqftsacsfdey

Uqmlideqli tqhtspoehqbx,qoleqvunoetqnuoqaihhsagqsaqlsnqoltiae,qolequst
munqhtimnxqmsolqoleql vqipqno hxyqBxquahqbx,qVtyqHibbsanqnotusgloeaeh
lsvnedpq f,qxumaeh,qoleaq adicrehqlsnqhenr,quahqteuclehqpitqlsnqbiir,
b oqneevehq ahecshehqmleoletqoiqoureqsoqi oqitqdeukeqsoyqVinoqipqole
f fsdnqgduacehq fqduag shdx,qb oqoleteqmeteqomiquviagqolevqoluoqmuocleh
lsnqvikeveaonqmsolqsaoeaoqexenyqVtyqHibbsanqpsagetehqlsnqbiirqubneaodx
pitquqmlsde,qoleaqoiirqsoqi oquahqneoodehqlsvnedpqsaqlsnqclustqoiqteuh!
OivqnlioquqgduacequoqBecrxyqLeqluhqneeaquql aoehquahqledfdennqtubbso
diirqunqnleqhsh,qmsolquqg aqdekeddehquoqsonqleuhyqSanouaodxqleqpitgio
lsnqw uttedqmsolqletyqW scr--niveolsagqv noqbeqhiae!qhiaeqsaquqpdunl,
oii!qB oqoleqketxqsvvsaeaceqipqoleqevetgeacxqfutudx.ehqlsnqsakeaosiay
Giih!--leqluhquaqsanfstuosia!qLeqmi dhqt aquahqnauoclqoleqbiir,qnftsag
olti glqoleqhiitquahqpdxyqB oqlsnqtenid osiaqnliirqpitqiaeqdsoode
sanouao,quahqoleqcluaceqmunqdino--oleqvunoetqifeaehqoleqkid veyqSpqOiv
iadxqluhqoleqmunoehqiffito asoxqbucrqugusa!qOiiqduoeyqOleteqmunqaiqledf
pitqBecrxqaim,qleqnushyqOleqaejoqviveaoqoleqvunoetqpucehqoleqncliidy
Eketxqexeqnuarq ahetqlsnqgu.eyqOleteqmunqoluoqsaqsoqmlsclqnvioeqekea
oleqsaaiceaoqmsolqpeutyqOleteqmunqnsdeaceqmlsdeqiaeqvsgloqci aoqoea--ole
vunoetqmunqguoletsagqlsnqmtuolyqOleaqleqnfire:q“Mliqoiteqolsnqbiir?”

Oleteqmunqaioquqni ahyqIaeqci dhqlukeqleuthquqfsaqhtifyqOleqnosddaenn
ciaosa eh;qoleqvunoetqneutclehqpucequpoetqpuceqpitqnsganqipqg sdoy

“BeazuvsaqTigetn,qhshqxi qoeutqolsnqbiir?”

UqheasudyqUaioletqfu ney

“ZineflqLutfet,qhshqxi ?”

UaioletqheasudyqOiv'nq aeunsaennqgtemqvitequahqviteqsaoeaneq ahetqole
ndimqoito teqipqoleneqfticeehsagnyqOleqvunoetqncuaaehqoleqtuarnqip
bixn--cianshetehquqmlsde,qoleaqo taehqoiqoleqgstdn:

“UvxqDumteace?”

Uqnlureqipqoleqleuhy

“GtucseqVsddet?”

Oleqnuveqnsgay

“N nuaqLutfet,qhshqxi qhiqolsn?”

UaioletqaeguoskeyqOleqaejoqgstdqmunqBecrxqOluocletyqOivqmunqotevbdsag
ptivqleuhqoiqpiioqmsolqejcsoeveaoquahquqneaneqipqoleqlifedennaennqipqole
nso uosiay

“TebeccuqOluoclet”q[Oivqgduacehquoqletqpuce--soqmunqmlsoeqmsol
oettit]--“hshqxi qoeut--ai,qdiirqveqsaqoleqpuce”q[letqluahnqtineqsa
uffeud]--“hshqxi qoeutqolsnqbiir?”

Uqoli gloqnlioqdsreqdsgloasagqolti glqOiv'nqbtusayqLeqnftuagqoiqlsnqpeeo
uahqnli oeh--“Sqhiaeqso!”

OleqncliidqnoutehqsaqfetfdejsoxquoqolsnqsactehsbdeqpiddxyqOivqnoiihqu
viveao,qoiqguoletqlsnqhsnvevbetehqpuc dosen;quahqmleaqleqnoeffehqpitmuth
oiqgiqoiqlsnqf asnlveaoqoleqn tftsne,qoleqgtuoso he,qolequhituosiaqoluo
nliaeq fiaqlsvqi oqipqfiitqBecrx'nqexenqneevehqfuxqeai glqpitquql ahteh
pdiggsagnyqSanfstehqbxqoleqnfdeahitqipqlsnqimaquco,qleqoiirqmsoli o
uaqi octxqoleqvinoqvetcsdennqpduxsagqoluoqekeaqVtyqHibbsanqluhqeket
uhvsasnoeteh;quahqudniqteceskehqmsolqsahsppeteaceqolequhhehqct edoxqipqu
civvuahqoiqtevusaqomiqli tnqupoetqncliidqnli dhqbeqhsnvsnneh--pitqle
raemqmliqmi dhqmusoqpitqlsvqi onsheqosddqlsnqcufosksoxqmunqhiae,quahqaio
ci aoqoleqoehsi nqosvequnqdinn,qesolety

OivqmeaoqoiqbehqoluoqasgloqfduaasagqkeageuacequgusanoqUdptehqOevfde;qpit
msolqnluvequahqtefeaouaceqBecrxqluhqoidhqlsvqudd,qaioqpitgeoosagqletqima
oteucletx;qb oqekeaqoleqdiagsagqpitqkeageuaceqluhqoiqgskeqmux,qniia,qoi
fdeunuaoetqv nsagn,quahqleqpeddqundeefquoqdunoqmsolqBecrx'nqduoenoqmithn
dsagetsagqhteuvsdxqsaqlsnqeut--

“Oiv,qlimq_ci dh_qxi qbeqniqaibde!”




CLUFOETqJJS

KUCUOSIAqmunqufftiuclsagyqOleqncliidvunoet,qudmuxnqnekete,qgtemqneketet
uahqviteqejucosagqoluaqeket,qpitqleqmuaoehqoleqncliidqoiqvurequqgiih
nlimsagqiaq“Ejuvsauosia”qhuxyqLsnqtihquahqlsnqpet deqmeteqnedhivqshde
aim--uoqdeunoquviagqoleqnvuddetqf fsdnyqIadxqoleqbsggenoqbixn,quahqxi ag
duhsenqipqesgloeeaquahqomeaox,qencufehqdunlsagyqVtyqHibbsan'qdunlsagn
meteqketxqksgiti nqiaen,qoii;qpitqudoli glqleqcuttseh,q ahetqlsnqmsg,qu
fetpecodxqbudhquahqnlsaxqleuh,qleqluhqiadxqteuclehqvshhdequge,quahqolete
munqaiqnsgaqipqpeebdeaennqsaqlsnqv ncdeyqUnqoleqgteuoqhuxqufftiucleh,
uddqoleqoxtuaaxqoluoqmunqsaqlsvqcuveqoiqoleqn tpuce;qleqneevehqoiqourequ
ksahscoskeqfdeun teqsaqf asnlsagqoleqdeunoqnlitocivsagnyqOleqcianew eace
mun,qoluoqoleqnvuddetqbixnqnfeaoqolestqhuxnqsaqoettitquahqn ppetsagquah
olestqasglonqsaqfdioosagqtekeageyqOlexqoltemqumuxqaiqiffito asoxqoiqhi
oleqvunoetquqvsnclsepyqB oqleqrefoquleuhquddqoleqosveyqOleqteotsb osia
oluoqpiddimehqeketxqkeagep dqn ccennqmunqniqnmeefsagquahqvuzenoscqoluo
oleqbixnqudmuxnqteostehqptivqoleqpsedhqbuhdxqmitnoehyqUoqdunoqolex
cianfstehqoigeoletquahqlsoq fiaquqfduaqoluoqftivsnehquqhu..dsagqkscoitxy
Olexqnmiteqsaqoleqnsgafusaoet'nqbix,qoidhqlsvqoleqncleve,quahqunrehqlsn
ledfyqLeqluhqlsnqimaqteunianqpitqbesagqhedsgloeh,qpitqoleqvunoetqbiutheh
saqlsnqpuolet'nqpuvsdxquahqluhqgskeaqoleqbixquvfdeqcu neqoiqluoeqlsvy
Oleqvunoet'nqmspeqmi dhqgiqiaquqksnsoqoiqoleqci aotxqsaquqpemqhuxn,quah
oleteqmi dhqbeqaiolsagqoiqsaoetpeteqmsolqoleqfdua;qoleqvunoetqudmuxn
ftefutehqlsvnedpqpitqgteuoqiccunsianqbxqgeoosagqfteooxqmeddqp hhdeh,quah
oleqnsgafusaoet'nqbixqnushqoluoqmleaqoleqhivsaseqluhqteuclehqoleqftifet
ciahsosiaqiaqEjuvsauosiaqEkeasagqleqmi dhq“vuaugeqoleqolsag”qmlsdeqle
auffehqsaqlsnqclust;qoleaqleqmi dhqlukeqlsvqumureaehquoqoleqtsgloqosve
uahql ttsehqumuxqoiqncliidy

Saqoleqp daennqipqosveqoleqsaoetenosagqiccunsiaquttskehyqUoqesgloqsa
oleqekeasagqoleqncliidli neqmunqbtsddsuaodxqdsgloeh,quahquhitaehqmsol
mteuolnquahqpenoiianqipqpidsugequahqpdimetnyqOleqvunoetqnuoqoltiaehqsa
lsnqgteuoqclustq fiaquqtusnehqfduopitv,qmsolqlsnqbducrbiuthqbelsahqlsvy
LeqmunqdiirsagqoidetubdxqveddimyqOlteeqtimnqipqbeaclenqiaqeuclqnshequah
nsjqtimnqsaqptiaoqipqlsvqmeteqicc fsehqbxqoleqhsgasoutsenqipqoleqoima
uahqbxqoleqfuteaonqipqoleqf fsdnyqOiqlsnqdepo,qbucrqipqoleqtimnqip
csos.ean,qmunquqnfucsi nqoevfitutxqfduopitvq fiaqmlsclqmeteqneuoehqole
nclidutnqmliqmeteqoiqoureqfutoqsaqoleqejetcsnenqipqoleqekeasag;qtimnqip
nvuddqbixn,qmunlehquahqhtennehqoiquaqsaoidetubdeqnouoeqipqhsncivpito;
timnqipqgumrxqbsgqbixn;qnaimbuarnqipqgstdnquahqxi agqduhsenqcduhqsa
dumaquahqv ndsaquahqcianfsc i ndxqciancsi nqipqolestqbutequtvn,qolest
gtuahvioletn'quacseaoqotsareon,qolestqbsonqipqfsarquahqbd eqtsbbiaquah
oleqpdimetnqsaqolestqlustyqUddqoleqtenoqipqoleqli neqmunqpsddehqmsol
aia-futoscsfuosagqnclidutny

OleqejetcsnenqbeguayqUqketxqdsoodeqbixqnoiihq fquahqnleefsnldxqtecsoeh,
“Xi 'hqncutceqejfecoqiaeqipqvxqugeqoiqnfeurqsaqf bdscqiaqoleqnouge,”
qeocy--uccivfuaxsagqlsvnedpqmsolqoleqfusap ddxqejucoquahqnfunvihsc
geno tenqmlsclquqvuclsaeqvsgloqlukeq neh--n ffinsagqoleqvuclsaeqoiqbequ
otspdeqi oqipqithetyqB oqleqgioqolti glqnupedx,qoli glqct eddxqncuteh,
uahqgioquqpsaeqti ahqipquffdu neqmleaqleqvuheqlsnqvua puco tehqbimquah
teostehy

Uqdsoodeqnluvepucehqgstdqdsnfeh,q“Vutxqluhquqdsoodeqduvb,”qeocy,
fetpitvehquqcivfunnsia-sanfstsagqc tonx,qgioqletqveehqipquffdu ne,quah
nuoqhimaqpd nlehquahqluffxy

OivqNumxetqnoeffehqpitmuthqmsolqciacesoehqciapsheacequahqniutehqsaoi
oleq aw eaclubdequahqsahenot cosbdeq“Gskeqveqdsbetoxqitqgskeqveqheuol”
qnfeecl,qmsolqpsaeqp txquahqptuaoscqgenosc duosia,quahqbtireqhimaqsaqole
vshhdeqipqsoyqUqglunodxqnouge-ptsgloqnes.ehqlsv,qlsnqdegnqw urehq ahet
lsvquahqleqmunqdsreqoiqclireyqOt e,qleqluhqoleqvuaspenoqnxvfuolxqipqole
li neqb oqleqluhqoleqli ne'nqnsdeace,qoii,qmlsclqmunqekeaqmitneqolua
sonqnxvfuolxyqOleqvunoetqptimaeh,quahqolsnqcivfdeoehqoleqhsnunoetyqOiv
not ggdehqumlsdequahqoleaqteosteh,q ooetdxqhepeuoehyqOleteqmunquqmeur
uooevfoquoquffdu ne,qb oqsoqhsehqeutdxy

“OleqBixqNoiihqiaqoleqB tasagqHecr”qpiddimeh;qudniq“OleqUnnxtsuaqCuve
Hima,”quahqioletqhecduvuoitxqgevnyqOleaqoleteqmeteqteuhsagqejetcsnen,
uahquqnfeddsagqpsgloyqOleqveugteqDuosaqcdunnqtecsoehqmsolqliaityqOle
ftsveqpeuo teqipqoleqekeasagqmunqsaqithet,qaim--itsgsaudq“civfinsosian”
qbxqoleqxi agqduhsenyqEuclqsaqletqo taqnoeffehqpitmuthqoiqoleqehgeqipqole
fduopitv,qcdeutehqletqoltiuo,qledhq fqletqvua nctsfoq(osehqmsolqhusaox
tsbbia),quahqfticeehehqoiqteuh,qmsolqdubitehquooeaosiaqoiq“ejftennsia”
quahqf aco uosiayqOleqolevenqmeteqoleqnuveqoluoqluhqbeeaqsdd vsauoehq fia
nsvsdutqiccunsianqbxqolestqvioletnqbepiteqolev,qolestqgtuahvioletn,
uahqhi bodennquddqolestquacenoitnqsaqoleqpevudeqdsaeqcdeutqbucrqoiqole
Ct nuhenyq“Ptseahnlsf”qmunqiae;q“VevitsenqipqIoletqHuxn”;q“Tedsgsiaqsa
Lsnoitx”;q“HteuvqDuah”;q“OleqUhkuaougenqipqC do te”;q“PitvnqipqFidsoscud
GiketaveaoqCivfutehquahqCiaotunoeh”;q“Veduaclidx”;q“PsdsudqDike”;q“Leuto
Diagsagn,”qeocy,qeocy

Uqftekudeaoqpeuo teqsaqoleneqcivfinsosianqmunquqa tnehquahqfeooeh
veduaclidx;quaioletqmunquqmunoep dquahqif deaoqg nlqipq“psaeqduag uge”;
uaioletqmunquqoeaheacxqoiqd gqsaqbxqoleqeutnqfutosc dutdxqfts.ehqmithn
uahqfltunenq aosdqolexqmeteqmitaqeaostedxqi o;quahquqfec dsutsoxqoluo
cianfsc i ndxqvutrehquahqvuttehqolevqmunqoleqsakeoetuoequahqsaoidetubde
netviaqoluoqmuggehqsonqctsffdehqousdquoqoleqeahqipqeuclquahqeketxqiae
ipqolevyqAiqvuooetqmluoqoleqn bzecoqvsgloqbe,quqbtusatucrsagqeppitoqmun
vuheqoiqnw stvqsoqsaoiqnivequnfecoqitqioletqoluoqoleqvitudquahqtedsgsi n
vsahqci dhqciaoevfduoeqmsolqehspscuosiayqOleqgdutsagqsansacetsoxqip
oleneqnetvianqmunqaioqn ppscseaoqoiqcivfunnqoleqbuasnlveaoqipqole
punlsiaqptivqoleqncliidn,quahqsoqsnqaioqn ppscseaoqoihux;qsoqaeketqmsdd
beqn ppscseaoqmlsdeqoleqmitdhqnouahn,qfetlufnyqOleteqsnqaiqncliidqsa
uddqi tqduahqmleteqoleqxi agqduhsenqhiqaioqpeedqibdsgehqoiqcdineqolest
civfinsosianqmsolquqnetvia;quahqxi qmsddqpsahqoluoqoleqnetviaqipqole
vinoqptskidi nquahqoleqdeunoqtedsgsi nqgstdqsaqoleqncliidqsnqudmuxn
oleqdiagenoquahqoleqvinoqtedeaodenndxqfsi nyqB oqeai glqipqolsnyqLivedx
ot olqsnq afuduoubdey

Deoq nqteo taqoiqoleq“Ejuvsauosiay”qOleqpstnoqcivfinsosiaqoluoqmunqteuh
munqiaeqeaosodehq“Snqolsn,qolea,qDspe?”qFetlufnqoleqteuhetqcuaqeah tequa
ejotucoqptivqso:

“Saqoleqcivviaqmudrnqipqdspe,qmsolqmluoqhedsglop dqeviosianqhienqole
xi olp dqvsahqdiirqpitmuthqoiqnivequaoscsfuoehqnceaeqipqpenosksox!
Svugsauosiaqsnqb nxqnreoclsagqtine-osaoehqfsco tenqipqzixyqSaqpuacx,qole
kid fo i nqkioutxqipqpunlsiaqneenqletnedpquvshqoleqpenoskeqoltiag,q'ole
ibnetkehqipquddqibnetketny'qLetqgtucep dqpitv,quttuxehqsaqnaimxqtiben,
snqmlstdsagqolti glqoleqvu.enqipqoleqzixi nqhuace;qletqexeqsnqbtsgloeno,
letqnoefqsnqdsgloenoqsaqoleqguxqunnevbdxy

“Saqn clqhedscsi nqpuacsenqosveqw scrdxqgdshenqbx,quahqoleqmedciveqli t
uttskenqpitqletqeaotuaceqsaoiqoleqEdxnsuaqmitdh,qipqmlsclqnleqlun
luhqn clqbtsgloqhteuvnyqLimqpustx-dsreqhienqeketxolsagquffeutqoiqlet
eacluaoehqksnsia!qEuclqaemqnceaeqsnqviteqclutvsagqoluaqoleqdunoyqB o
upoetquqmlsdeqnleqpsahnqoluoqbeaeuolqolsnqgiihdxqejoetsit,quddqsn
kuasox,qoleqpduooetxqmlsclqiaceqclutvehqletqni d,qaimqgtuoenqlutnldx
 fiaqletqeut;qoleqbuddtiivqlunqdinoqsonqclutvn;quahqmsolqmunoehqleudol
uahqsvbsooetehqleuto,qnleqo tanqumuxqmsolqoleqciakscosiaqoluoqeutoldx
fdeun tenqcuaaioqnuosnpxqoleqdiagsagnqipqoleqni d!”

UahqniqpitolquahqniqiayqOleteqmunquqb ..qipqgtuospscuosiaqptivqosveqoi
osveqh tsagqoleqteuhsag,quccivfuasehqbxqmlsnfetehqezuc duosianqipq“Lim
nmeeo!”q“Limqediw eao!”q“Niqot e!”qeocy,quahqupoetqoleqolsagqluhqcdineh
msolquqfec dsutdxquppdscosagqnetviaqolequffdu neqmunqeaol nsunoscy

Oleaqutinequqndsv,qveduaclidxqgstd,qmlineqpuceqluhqoleq“saoetenosag”
qfudeaennqoluoqcivenqipqfsddnquahqsahsgenosia,quahqteuhquq“fievy”qOmi
noua.unqipqsoqmsddqhi:

“UqVSNNI TSqVUSHEA'NqPUTEMEDDqOIqUDUBUVU

“Udubuvu,qgiihbxe!qSqdikeqoleeqmedd!qB oqxeoqpitquqmlsdeqhiqSqdeukeqolee
aim!qNuh,qxen,qnuhqoli glonqipqoleeqvxqleutoqhiolqnmedd,qUahqb tasag
teciddecosianqoltiagqvxqbtim!qPitqSqlukeqmuahetehqolti glqolxqpdimetx
miihn;qLukeqtiuvehquahqteuhqaeutqOuddufiinu'nqnoteuv;qLukeqdsnoeaehqoi
Ouddunnee'nqmuttsagqpdiihn,qUahqmiiehqiaqCiinu'nqnsheqU titu'nqbeuvy

“XeoqnluveqSqaioqoiqbeutquaqi'etp ddqleuto,qAitqbd nlqoiqo taqbelsah
vxqoeutp dqexen;q'OsnqptivqaiqnotuagetqduahqSqaimqv noqfuto,q'Osnqoiqai
notuagetnqdepoqSqxsedhqoleneqnsglnyqMedcivequahqliveqmeteqvsaeqmsolsa
olsnqNouoe,qMlineqkudenqSqdeuke--mlineqnfstenqpuheqpunoqptivqveqUahqcidh
v noqbeqvsaeqexen,quahqleuto,quahqoeoe,qMlea,qheutqUdubuvu!qolexqo ta
cidhqiaqolee!”qOleteqmeteqketxqpemqoleteqmliqraemqmluoq“oeoe”qveuao,qb o
oleqfievqmunqketxqnuosnpucoitx,qaeketoledenny

Aejoquffeutehquqhutr-civfdejsiaeh,qbducr-exeh,qbducr-lustehqxi agqduhx,
mliqfu nehquaqsvftennskeqviveao,qunn vehquqotugscqejftennsia,quahqbegua
oiqteuhqsaquqveun teh,qnidevaqoiae:

“UqKSNSIA

“Hutrquahqoevfeno i nqmunqasgloyqUti ahqoleqoltiaeqiaqlsglqaioquqnsagde
noutqw sketeh;qb oqoleqheefqsaoiauosianqipqoleqleukxqol ahetqcianouaodx
ksbtuoehq fiaqoleqeut;qmlsdnoqoleqoettspscqdsgloasagqtekeddehqsaquagtx
viihqolti glqoleqcdi hxqcluvbetnqipqleukea,qneevsagqoiqncitaqoleqfimet
ejetoehqiketqsonqoettitqbxqoleqsdd notsi nqPtuardsa!qEkeaqoleqbisnoeti n
msahnq auasvi ndxqcuveqpitolqptivqolestqvxnoscqliven,quahqbd noeteh
ubi oqunqspqoiqealuaceqbxqolestqushqoleqmsdhaennqipqoleqnceaey

“Uoqn clquqosve,qniqhutr,qniqhteutx,qpitql vuaqnxvfuolxqvxqketxqnfstso
nsgleh;qb oqsanoeuhqoleteip,

“'Vxqheutenoqptseah,qvxqci aneddit,qvxqcivpitoetquahqg she--Vxqzixqsa
gtsep,qvxqneciahqbdsnnqsaqzix,'qcuveqoiqvxqnsheyqNleqvikehqdsreqiaeqip
olineqbtsgloqbesagnqfsco tehqsaqoleqn aaxqmudrnqipqpuacx'nqEheaqbx
oleqtivuaoscquahqxi ag,quqw eeaqipqbeu oxq auhitaehqnukeqbxqletqima
otuanceaheaoqdikedsaennyqNiqnipoqmunqletqnoef,qsoqpusdehqoiqvureqekeaqu
ni ah,quahqb oqpitqoleqvugscudqoltsddqsvfutoehqbxqletqgeasudqoi cl,
unqioletq aibot nskeqbeu osen,qnleqmi dhqlukeqgdshehqumux
 afetceskeh-- ani gloyqUqnotuageqnuhaennqtenoehq fiaqletqpeuo ten,qdsre
scxqoeutnq fiaqoleqtibeqipqHecevbet,qunqnleqfisaoehqoiqoleqciaoeahsag
edeveaonqmsoli o,quahqbuheqveqciaoevfduoeqoleqomiqbesagnqfteneaoehy”

Olsnqasglovuteqicc fsehqniveqoeaqfugenqipqvua nctsfoquahqmi ahq fqmsolqu
netviaqniqhenot coskeqipquddqlifeqoiqaia-Ftenbxoetsuanqoluoqsoqoiir
oleqpstnoqfts.eyqOlsnqcivfinsosiaqmunqcianshetehqoiqbeqoleqketxqpsaeno
eppitoqipqoleqekeasagyqOleqvuxitqipqoleqksdduge,qsaqhedsketsagqoleqfts.e
oiqolequ olitqipqso,qvuhequqmutvqnfeeclqsaqmlsclqleqnushqoluoqsoqmunqbx
putqoleqvinoq“ediw eao”qolsagqleqluhqeketqdsnoeaehqoi,quahqoluoqHuased
Mebnoetqlsvnedpqvsgloqmeddqbeqfti hqipqsoy

Soqvuxqbeqtevutreh,qsaqfunnsag,qoluoqoleqa vbetqipqcivfinsosianqsaqmlscl
oleqmithq“beu oei n”qmunqiket-piahdeh,quahql vuaqejfetseaceqtepettehqoi
unq“dspe'nqfuge,”qmunq fqoiqoleq n udquketugey

Aimqoleqvunoet,qveddimqudvinoqoiqoleqketgeqipqgeasudsox,qf oqlsnqclust
unshe,qo taehqlsnqbucrqoiqolequ hseace,quahqbeguaqoiqhtumquqvufqip
Uvetscuqiaqoleqbducrbiuth,qoiqejetcsneqoleqgeigtuflxqcdunnq fiayqB oqle
vuhequqnuhqb nsaennqipqsoqmsolqlsnq anoeuhxqluah,quahquqnvioletehqosooet
tsffdehqiketqoleqli neyqLeqraemqmluoqoleqvuooetqmun,quahqneoqlsvnedpqoi
tsgloqsoyqLeqnfiagehqi oqdsaenquahqtevuheqolev;qb oqleqiadxqhsnoitoeh
olevqviteqoluaqeket,quahqoleqosooetsagqmunqviteqftiai acehyqLeqoltemqlsn
eaostequooeaosiaq fiaqlsnqmitr,qaim,qunqspqheoetvsaehqaioqoiqbeqf oqhima
bxqoleqvstolyqLeqpedoqoluoquddqexenqmeteqpunoeaehq fiaqlsv;qleqsvugsaeh
leqmunqn cceehsag,quahqxeoqoleqosooetsagqciaosa eh;qsoqekeaqvuaspenodx
sacteunehyqUahqmeddqsoqvsgloyqOleteqmunquqgutteoqubike,qfsetcehqmsol
uqnc oodeqiketqlsnqleuh;quahqhimaqolti glqolsnqnc oodeqcuvequqcuo,
n nfeahehquti ahqoleqlu aclenqbxquqnotsag;qnleqluhquqtugqosehqubi o
letqleuhquahqzumnqoiqreefqletqptivqvemsag;qunqnleqndimdxqhenceahehqnle
c tkehq fmuthquahqcdumehquoqoleqnotsag,qnleqnm agqhimamuthquahqcdumeh
uoqoleqsaouagsbdequstyqOleqosooetsagqtineqlsgletquahqlsglet--oleqcuoqmun
msolsaqnsjqsaclenqipqolequbnitbehqoeuclet'nqleuh--hima,qhima,quqdsoode
dimet,quahqnleqgtubbehqlsnqmsgqmsolqletqhenfetuoeqcdumn,qcd agqoiqso,
uahqmunqnauoclehq fqsaoiqoleqgutteoqsaquaqsanouaoqmsolqletqotiflxqnosdd
saqletqfinnennsia!qUahqlimqoleqdsgloqhshqbdu.equbtiuhqptivqoleqvunoet'n
budhqfuoe--pitqoleqnsgafusaoet'nqbixqluhq_gsdheh_qso!

Oluoqbtireq fqoleqveeosagyqOleqbixnqmetequkeagehyqKucuosiaqluhqcivey

AIOE:--Oleqfteoeahehq“civfinsosian”qw ioehqsaqolsnqclufoetquteqourea
msoli oqudoetuosiaqptivquqkid veqeaosodehq“FtinequahqFieotx,qbxqu
MenoetaqDuhx”--b oqolexquteqejucodxquahqftecsnedxqupoetqoleqncliidgstd
fuooeta,quahqleacequteqv clqluffsetqoluaquaxqveteqsvsouosianqci dhqbey




CLUFOETqJJSS

OIVqzisaehqoleqaemqithetqipqCuheonqipqOevfetuace,qbesagquootucoehqbxqole
nlimxqclutucoetqipqolestq“tegudsuy”qLeqftivsnehqoiqubnousaqptivqnvirsag,
clemsag,quahqftipuasoxqunqdiagqunqleqtevusaehquqvevbetyqAimqleqpi ahqi o
uqaemqolsag--auvedx,qoluoqoiqftivsneqaioqoiqhiquqolsagqsnqoleqn tenoqmux
saqoleqmitdhqoiqvurequqbihxqmuaoqoiqgiquahqhiqoluoqketxqolsagyqOivqniia
pi ahqlsvnedpqoitveaoehqmsolquqhensteqoiqhtsarquahqnmeut;qoleqhenste
gtemqoiqbeqniqsaoeaneqoluoqaiolsagqb oqoleqlifeqipquqcluaceqoiqhsnfdux
lsvnedpqsaqlsnqtehqnunlqrefoqlsvqptivqmsolhtumsagqptivqoleqithetyqPi tol
ipqZ dxqmunqcivsag;qb oqleqniiaqgukeqoluoq f--gukeqsoq fqbepiteqleqluh
mitaqlsnqnlucrdenqiketqpitox-esgloqli tn--uahqpsjehqlsnqlifenq fiaqidh
Z hgeqPtu.et,qz nosceqipqoleqfeuce,qmliqmunquffuteaodxqiaqlsnqheuolbeh
uahqmi dhqlukequqbsgqf bdscqp aetud,qnsaceqleqmunqniqlsglquaqippscsudy
H tsagqolteeqhuxnqOivqmunqheefdxqciacetaehqubi oqoleqZ hge'nqciahsosia
uahql agtxqpitqaemnqipqsoyqNiveosvenqlsnqlifenqtuaqlsgl--niqlsglqoluo
leqmi dhqkeao teqoiqgeoqi oqlsnqtegudsuquahqftucosneqbepiteqole
diirsag-gdunnyqB oqoleqZ hgeqluhquqvinoqhsnci tugsagqmuxqipqpd co uosagy
Uoqdunoqleqmunqftiai acehq fiaqoleqveah--uahqoleaqciakudenceaoyqOivqmun
hsng noeh;quahqpedoquqneaneqipqsaz tx,qoiiyqLeqluahehqsaqlsnqtensgauosia
uoqiace--uahqoluoqasgloqoleqZ hgeqn ppetehquqtedufnequahqhsehyqOiv
tenidkehqoluoqleqmi dhqaeketqot noquqvuaqdsreqoluoqugusay

Oleqp aetudqmunquqpsaeqolsagyqOleqCuheonqfutuhehqsaquqnoxdeqcudc duoeh
oiqrsddqoleqduoeqvevbetqmsolqeakxyqOivqmunquqpteeqbixqugusa,
limeket--oleteqmunqniveolsagqsaqoluoyqLeqci dhqhtsarquahqnmeut,qaim--b o
pi ahqoiqlsnqn tftsneqoluoqleqhshqaioqmuaoqoiyqOleqnsvfdeqpucoqoluoqle
ci dh,qoiirqoleqhenstequmux,quahqoleqclutvqipqsoy

Oivqfteneaodxqmiahetehqoiqpsahqoluoqlsnqcikeoehqkucuosiaqmunqbegsaasag
oiqluagquqdsoodeqleuksdxqiaqlsnqluahny

Lequooevfoehquqhsutx--b oqaiolsagqluffeaehqh tsagqolteeqhuxn,quahqniqle
ubuahiaehqsoy

Oleqpstnoqipquddqoleqaegtiqvsanotedqnlimnqcuveqoiqoima,quahqvuhequ
neanuosiayqOivquahqZieqLutfetqgioq fquqbuahqipqfetpitvetnquahqmeteqluffx
pitqomiqhuxny

EkeaqoleqGditsi nqPi tolqmunqsaqniveqneanequqpusd te,qpitqsoqtusaeh
luth,qoleteqmunqaiqfticennsiaqsaqcianew eace,quahqoleqgteuoenoqvua
saqoleqmitdhq(unqOivqn ffineh),qVtyqBeaoia,quaquco udq asoehqNouoen
Neauoit,qftikehquaqiketmledvsagqhsnuffisaoveao--pitqleqmunqaio
omeaox-pskeqpeeoqlsgl,qaitqekeaquaxmleteqsaqoleqaesglbitliihqipqsoy

Uqcstc nqcuveyqOleqbixnqfduxehqcstc nqpitqolteeqhuxnqupoetmuthqsaqoeaon
vuheqipqtugqcutfeosag--uhvsnnsia,qolteeqfsanqpitqbixn,qomiqpitqgstdn--uah
oleaqcstc nsagqmunqubuahiaehy

Uqflteaidigsnoquahquqvenvets.etqcuve--uahqmeaoqugusaquahqdepoqoleqksdduge
h ddetquahqhteutsetqoluaqekety

Oleteqmeteqniveqbixn-uah-gstdn'qfutosen,qb oqolexqmeteqniqpemquahqni
hedsglop dqoluoqolexqiadxqvuheqolequclsagqkishnqbeomeeaqucleqoleqluthety

BecrxqOluocletqmunqgiaeqoiqletqCianouaosaifdeqliveqoiqnouxqmsolqlet
futeaonqh tsagqkucuosia--niqoleteqmunqaiqbtsgloqnsheqoiqdspequaxmletey

Oleqhteuhp dqnecteoqipqoleqv thetqmunquqcltiascqvsnetxyqSoqmunquqketx
cuacetqpitqfetvuaeacxquahqfusay

Oleaqcuveqoleqveundeny

H tsagqomiqdiagqmeernqOivqduxquqftsniaet,qheuhqoiqoleqmitdhquahqson
luffeasagnyqLeqmunqketxqsdd,qleqmunqsaoetenoehqsaqaiolsagyqMleaqleqgio
 fiaqlsnqpeeoquoqdunoquahqvikehqpeebdxqhimaoima,quqveduaclidxqcluageqluh
civeqiketqeketxolsagquahqeketxqcteuo teyqOleteqluhqbeeaquq“tekskud,”quah
eketxbihxqluhq“gioqtedsgsia,”qaioqiadxqolequh don,qb oqekeaqoleqbixnquah
gstdnyqOivqmeaoqubi o,qlifsagqugusanoqlifeqpitqoleqnsgloqipqiaeqbdenneh
nsap dqpuce,qb oqhsnuffisaoveaoqctinnehqlsvqeketxmleteyqLeqpi ahqZie
Lutfetqno hxsagquqOenouveao,quahqo taehqnuhdxqumuxqptivqoleqheftennsag
nfecoucdeyqLeqni gloqBeaqTigetn,quahqpi ahqlsvqksnsosagqoleqfiitqmsolqu
bunreoqipqotuconyqLeql aoehq fqZsvqLiddsn,qmliqcuddehqlsnquooeaosiaqoi
oleqftecsi nqbdennsagqipqlsnqduoeqveundenqunquqmutasagyqEketxqbix
leqeaci aoetehquhhehquaioletqoiaqoiqlsnqheftennsia;quahqmlea,qsa
henfetuosia,qleqpdemqpitqtep gequoqdunoqoiqoleqbinivqipqL crdebettxqPsaa
uahqmunqteceskehqmsolquqNctsfo tudqw iouosia,qlsnqleutoqbtirequahqle
ctefoqlivequahqoiqbehqteuds.sagqoluoqlequdiaeqipquddqoleqoimaqmunqdino,
piteketquahqpitekety

Uahqoluoqasgloqoleteqcuveqiaquqoettspscqnoitv,qmsolqhtsksagqtusa,qump d
cdufnqipqol ahetquahqbdsahsagqnleeonqipqdsgloasagyqLeqciketehqlsnqleuh
msolqoleqbehcdiolenquahqmusoehqsaquqlittitqipqn nfeaneqpitqlsnqhiiv;qpit
leqluhqaioqoleqnluhimqipquqhi boqoluoquddqolsnql bb bqmunqubi oqlsvy
Leqbedsekehqleqluhqoujehqoleqpitbeutuaceqipqoleqfimetnqubikeqoiqole
ejotevsoxqipqeah tuacequahqoluoqolsnqmunqoleqten doyqSoqvsgloqluke
neevehqoiqlsvquqmunoeqipqfivfquahquvv asosiaqoiqrsddquqb gqmsolqu
buooetxqipqutosddetx,qb oqoleteqneevehqaiolsagqsaciagt i nqubi oqole
geoosagq fqn clquaqejfeanskeqol ahetnoitvqunqolsnqoiqraicrqoleqo tpqptiv
 ahetquaqsanecoqdsreqlsvnedpy

Bxquahqbxqoleqoevfenoqnfeaoqsonedpquahqhsehqmsoli oquccivfdsnlsagqson
ibzecoyqOleqbix'nqpstnoqsvf dneqmunqoiqbeqgtuoep d,quahqtepitvyqLsn
neciahqmunqoiqmuso--pitqoleteqvsgloqaioqbequaxqviteqnoitvny

Oleqaejoqhuxqoleqhicoitnqmeteqbucr;qOivqluhqtedufnehyqOleqolteeqmeernqle
nfeaoqiaqlsnqbucrqolsnqosveqneevehquaqeaostequgeyqMleaqleqgioqubtiuh
uoqdunoqleqmunqluthdxqgtuoep dqoluoqleqluhqbeeaqnfuteh,qtevevbetsagqlim
diaedxqmunqlsnqenouoe,qlimqcivfuasiadennquahqpitditaqleqmunyqLeqhtspoeh
dsnodenndxqhimaqoleqnoteeoquahqpi ahqZsvqLiddsnqucosagqunqz hgeqsaqu
z keasdeqci toqoluoqmunqotxsagquqcuoqpitqv thet,qsaqoleqfteneaceqipqlet
kscosv,quqbsthyqLeqpi ahqZieqLutfetquahqL crqPsaaq fquaquddexqeuosagqu
noideaqvediayqFiitqduhn!qolex--dsreqOiv--luhqn ppetehquqtedufney




CLUFOETqJJSSS

UOqdunoqoleqndeefxquovinfleteqmunqnostteh--uahqksgiti ndx:qoleqv thet
otsudqcuveqiaqsaqoleqci toyqSoqbecuveqolequbnitbsagqoifscqipqksdduge
oudrqsvvehsuoedxyqOivqci dhqaioqgeoqumuxqptivqsoyqEketxqtepeteaceqoi
oleqv thetqneaoquqnl hhetqoiqlsnqleuto,qpitqlsnqoti bdehqciancseace
uahqpeutnqudvinoqfetn uhehqlsvqoluoqoleneqtevutrnqmeteqf oqpitolqsa
lsnqleutsagqunq“peedetn”;qleqhshqaioqneeqlimqleqci dhqbeqn nfecoehqip
raimsagquaxolsagqubi oqoleqv thet,qb oqnosddqleqci dhqaioqbeqcivpitoubde
saqoleqvshnoqipqolsnqginnsfyqSoqrefoqlsvqsaquqcidhqnlsketquddqoleqosvey
LeqoiirqL crqoiquqdiaedxqfduceqoiqlukequqoudrqmsolqlsvyqSoqmi dhqbeqnive
tedsepqoiq aneudqlsnqoiag eqpitquqdsoodeqmlsde;qoiqhsksheqlsnqb theaqip
hsnotennqmsolquaioletqn ppetetyqViteiket,qleqmuaoehqoiqunn teqlsvnedp
oluoqL crqluhqtevusaehqhsncteeoy

“L cr,qlukeqxi qeketqoidhquaxbihxqubi o--oluo?”

“'Bi oqmluo?”

“Xi qraimqmluoy”

“Il--'ci tneqSqlukea'oy”

“Aeketquqmith?”

“Aeketquqnidsoutxqmith,qniqledfqveyqMluoqvurenqxi qunr?”

“Medd,qSqmunqupeuthy”

“Mlx,qOivqNumxet,qmeqmi dha'oqbequdskeqomiqhuxnqspqoluoqgioqpi ahqi oy
_Xi _qraimqoluoy”

OivqpedoqviteqcivpitoubdeyqUpoetquqfu ne:

“L cr,qolexqci dha'oquaxbihxqgeoqxi qoiqoedd,qci dhqolex?”

“Geoqveqoiqoedd?qMlx,qspqSqmuaoehqoluoqludpbteehqheksdqoiqhtimahqveqolex
ci dhqgeoqveqoiqoeddyqOlexqusa'oqaiqhsppeteaoqmuxy”

“Medd,qoluo'nquddqtsglo,qoleayqSqtecriaqme'teqnupequnqdiagqunqmeqreef
v vyqB oqdeo'nqnmeutqugusa,quaxmuxyqSo'nqviteqn tety”

“S'vqugteehy”

Niqolexqnmitequgusaqmsolqhteuhqnidevasoseny

“Mluoqsnqoleqoudrquti ah,qL cr?qS'keqleuthquqfimetqipqsoy”

“Oudr?qMedd,qso'nqz noqV ppqFiooet,qV ppqFiooet,qV ppqFiooetquddqole
osveyqSoqreefnqveqsaquqnmeuo,qcianouao,qni'nqSqmuaoqoiqlsheqniv'etny”

“Oluo'nqz noqoleqnuveqmuxqolexqgiqiaqti ahqveyqSqtecriaqle'nquqgiaety
Hia'oqxi qpeedqnittxqpitqlsv,qniveosven?”

“Vinoqudmuxn--vinoqudmuxnyqLequsa'oqaiqucci ao;qb oqoleaqleqlusa'oqeket
hiaequaxolsagqoiql toquaxbihxyqZ noqpsnlenquqdsoode,qoiqgeoqviaexqoi
geoqht arqia--uahqdiupnquti ahqcianshetubde;qb oqdith,qmequddqhi
oluo--deunomuxnqvinoqipq n--fteucletnquahqn clqdsreyqB oqle'nqrsahqip
giih--leqgskeqveqludpquqpsnl,qiace,qmleaqoleteqmuta'oqeai glqpitqomi;quah
dionqipqosvenqle'nqrsahqipqnoiihqbxqveqmleaqSqmunqi oqipqd cry”

“Medd,qle'nqveahehqrsoenqpitqve,qL cr,quahqrasooehqliirnqiaqoiqvxqdsaey
Sqmsnlqmeqci dhqgeoqlsvqi oqipqoletey”

“Vx!qmeqci dha'oqgeoqlsvqi o,qOivyqUahqbenshen,q'omi dha'oqhiquaxqgiih;
olex'hqreoclqlsvqugusay”

“Xen--niqolexqmi dhyqB oqSqluoeqoiqleutq'evqub neqlsvqniqdsreqoleqhscrean
mleaqleqaeketqhiae--oluoy”

“Sqhiqoii,qOivyqDith,qSqleutq'evqnuxqle'nqoleqbdiihsenoqdiirsagqksddusa
saqolsnqci aotx,quahqolexqmiahetqleqmuna'oqeketql agqbepitey”

“Xen,qolexqoudrqdsreqoluo,quddqoleqosveyqS'keqleuthq'evqnuxqoluoqspqle
munqoiqgeoqpteeqolex'hqdxaclqlsvy”

“Uahqolex'hqhiqso,qoiiy”

Oleqbixnqluhquqdiagqoudr,qb oqsoqbti gloqolevqdsoodeqcivpitoyqUnqole
omsdsgloqhtemqia,qolexqpi ahqolevnedkenqluagsagqubi oqoleqaesglbitliih
ipqoleqdsoodeqsniduoehqzusd,qfetlufnqmsolquaq ahepsaehqlifeqoluo
niveolsagqmi dhqluffeaqoluoqvsgloqcdeutqumuxqolestqhsppsc dosenyqB o
aiolsagqluffeaeh;qoleteqneevehqoiqbeqaiquagednqitqpustsenqsaoetenoehqsa
olsnqd crdennqcufoskey

Oleqbixnqhshqunqolexqluhqipoeaqhiaeqbepite--meaoqoiqoleqceddqgtuosagquah
gukeqFiooetqniveqoibucciquahqvuoclenyqLeqmunqiaqoleqgti ahqpdiitquah
oleteqmeteqaiqg uthny

Lsnqgtuoso heqpitqolestqgsponqluhqudmuxnqnvioeqolestqciancseacen
bepite--soqc oqheefetqoluaqeket,qolsnqosveyqOlexqpedoqcimuthdxquah
oteucleti nqoiqoleqdunoqhegteeqmleaqFiooetqnush:

“Xi 'keqbeeaqvsgloxqgiihqoiqve,qbixn--beooet'aquaxbihxqedneqsaqolsnqoimay
UahqSqhia'oqpitgeoqso,qSqhia'oyqIpoeaqSqnuxnqoiqvxnedp,qnuxnqS,q'Sq neh
oiqveahquddqoleqbixn'qrsoenquahqolsagn,quahqnlimq'evqmleteqoleqgiih
psnlsa'qfducenqmun,quahqbeptseahq'evqmluoqSqci dh,quahqaimqolex'ke
uddqpitgioqidhqV ppqmleaqle'nqsaqoti bde;qb oqOivqhia'o,quahqL cr
hia'o--_olex_qhia'oqpitgeoqlsv,qnuxnqS,q'uahqSqhia'oqpitgeoqolevy'qMedd,
bixn,qSqhiaequaqump dqolsag--ht arquahqctu.xquoqoleqosve--oluo'nqoleqiadx
muxqSqucci aoqpitqso--uahqaimqSqgioqoiqnmsagqpitqso,quahqso'nqtsgloy
Tsglo,quahq_beno_,qoii,qSqtecria--lifeqni,quaxmuxyqMedd,qmeqmia'oqoudr
ubi oqoluoyqSqhia'oqmuaoqoiqvureq_xi _qpeedqbuh;qxi 'keqbeptseahehqvey
B oqmluoqSqmuaoqoiqnux,qsn,qhia'oq_xi _qeketqgeoqht ar--oleaqxi qmia'o
eketqgeoqleteyqNouahquqdsooetqp thetqmeno--ni--oluo'nqso;qso'nquqftsve
civpitoqoiqneeqpucenqoluo'nqptseahdxqmleaquqbihx'nqsaqn clquqv cr
ipqoti bde,quahqoleteqhia'oqaiaeqciveqleteqb oqxi tayqGiihqptseahdx
pucen--giihqptseahdxqpucenyqGsoq fqiaqiaequaiolet'nqbucrnquahqdeoqve
oi clq'evyqOluo'nqsoyqNlureqluahn--xi ta'ddqciveqolti glqoleqbutn,qb o
vsae'nqoiiqbsgyqDsoodeqluahn,quahqmeur--b oqolex'keqledfehqV ppqFiooetqu
fimet,quahqolex'hqledfqlsvqviteqspqolexqci dhy”

Oivqmeaoqliveqvsnetubde,quahqlsnqhteuvnqoluoqasgloqmeteqp ddqipqlittitny
Oleqaejoqhuxquahqoleqhuxqupoet,qleql agqubi oqoleqci totiiv,qhtumaqbxqua
udvinoqsttensnosbdeqsvf dneqoiqgiqsa,qb oqpitcsagqlsvnedpqoiqnouxqi oy
L crqmunqluksagqoleqnuveqejfetseaceyqOlexqno hsi ndxqukishehqeuclqiolety
Euclqmuahetehqumux,qptivqosveqoiqosve,qb oqoleqnuveqhsnvudqpuncsauosia
udmuxnqbti gloqolevqbucrqfteneaodxyqOivqrefoqlsnqeutnqifeaqmleaqshdetn
nu aoetehqi oqipqoleqci totiiv,qb oqsakutsubdxqleuthqhsnotennsag
aemn--oleqoisdnqmeteqcdinsagqvitequahqviteqtedeaodenndxquti ahqfiit
FiooetyqUoqoleqeahqipqoleqneciahqhuxqoleqksddugeqoudrqmunqoiqoleqeppeco
oluoqSaz aqZie'nqeksheaceqnoiihqpstvquahq anlurea,quahqoluoqoleteqmun
aioqoleqndsgloenoqw enosiaqunqoiqmluoqoleqz tx'nqkethscoqmi dhqbey

Oivqmunqi oqduoe,qoluoqasglo,quahqcuveqoiqbehqolti glqoleqmsahimyqLe
munqsaquqoteveahi nqnouoeqipqejcsoeveaoyqSoqmunqli tnqbepiteqleqgioqoi
ndeefyqUddqoleqksddugeqpdicrehqoiqoleqci toli neqoleqaejoqvitasag,qpit
olsnqmunqoiqbeqoleqgteuoqhuxyqBiolqnejenqmetequbi oqew uddxqtefteneaoeh
saqoleqfucrehqu hseaceyqUpoetquqdiagqmusoqoleqz txqpsdehqsaquahqoiir
olestqfducen;qnlitodxqupoetmuth,qFiooet,qfudequahqlugguth,qosvshquah
lifedenn,qmunqbti gloqsa,qmsolqclusanq fiaqlsv,quahqneuoehqmletequdd
oleqc tsi nqexenqci dhqnoutequoqlsv;qaiqdennqcianfsc i nqmunqSaz aqZie,
noidshqunqeketyqOleteqmunquaioletqfu ne,quahqoleaqoleqz hgequttskehquah
oleqnletsppqfticdusvehqoleqifeasagqipqoleqci toyqOleq n udqmlsnfetsagn
uviagqoleqdumxetnquahqguoletsagqoigeoletqipqfufetnqpiddimehyqOlene
heousdnquahquccivfuaxsagqheduxnqmitrehq fquaquovinfleteqipqftefutuosia
oluoqmunqunqsvftennskequnqsoqmunqpuncsauosagy

Aimquqmsoaennqmunqcuddehqmliqoenospsehqoluoqleqpi ahqV ppqFiooetqmunlsag
saqoleqbtiir,quoquaqeutdxqli tqipqoleqvitasagqoluoqoleqv thetqmun
hsnciketeh,quahqoluoqleqsvvehsuoedxqnaeurehqumuxyqUpoetqniveqp tolet
w enosiasag,qci anedqpitqoleqftinec osiaqnush:

“Oureqoleqmsoaenny”

Oleqftsniaetqtusnehqlsnqexenqpitquqviveao,qb oqhtiffehqolevqugusaqmlea
lsnqimaqci anedqnush:

“Sqlukeqaiqw enosianqoiqunrqlsvy”

Oleqaejoqmsoaennqftikehqoleqpsahsagqipqoleqraspeqaeutqoleqcitfney
Ci anedqpitqoleqftinec osiaqnush:

“Oureqoleqmsoaenny”

“Sqlukeqaiqw enosianqoiqunrqlsv,”qFiooet'nqdumxetqtefdsehy

UqolsthqmsoaennqnmiteqleqluhqipoeaqneeaqoleqraspeqsaqFiooet'n
finnennsiay

“Oureqoleqmsoaenny”

Ci anedqpitqFiooetqhecdsaehqoiqw enosiaqlsvyqOleqpucenqipqolequ hseace
beguaqoiqbeotuxquaaixuaceyqHshqolsnquooitaexqveuaqoiqoltimqumuxqlsn
cdseao'nqdspeqmsoli oquaqeppito?

NeketudqmsoaennenqhefinehqciacetasagqFiooet'nqg sdoxqbeluksitqmlea
bti gloqoiqoleqnceaeqipqoleqv thetyqOlexqmetequddimehqoiqdeukeqoleqnouah
msoli oqbesagqctinn-w enosiaehy

Eketxqheousdqipqoleqhuvugsagqcstc vnouacenqoluoqicc ttehqsaqole
gtukexuthq fiaqoluoqvitasagqmlsclquddqfteneaoqtevevbetehqniqmeddqmun
bti gloqi oqbxqctehsbdeqmsoaennen,qb oqaiaeqipqolevqmeteqctinn-ejuvsaeh
bxqFiooet'nqdumxetyqOleqfetfdejsoxquahqhsnnuosnpucosiaqipqoleqli ne
ejftennehqsonedpqsaqv tv tnquahqftikirehquqteftiipqptivqoleqbeacly
Ci anedqpitqoleqftinec osiaqaimqnush:

“Bxqoleqiuolnqipqcsos.eanqmlineqnsvfdeqmithqsnqubikeqn nfscsia,qmeqluke
punoeaehqolsnqump dqctsve,qbexiahquddqfinnsbsdsoxqipqw enosia,q fiaqole
 aluffxqftsniaetquoqoleqbutyqMeqtenoqi tqcuneqletey”

UqgtiuaqencufehqptivqfiitqFiooet,quahqleqf oqlsnqpuceqsaqlsnqluahnquah
ticrehqlsnqbihxqnipodxqoiquahqpti,qmlsdequqfusap dqnsdeaceqtesgaeh
saqoleqci totiivyqVuaxqveaqmeteqvikeh,quahqvuaxqmivea'nqcivfunnsia
oenospsehqsonedpqsaqoeutnyqCi anedqpitqoleqhepeaceqtinequahqnush:

“Xi tqliait,qsaqi tqtevutrnquoqoleqifeasagqipqolsnqotsud,qme
pitenluhimehqi tqf tfineqoiqftikeqoluoqi tqcdseaoqhshqolsnqpeutp dqheeh
mlsdeq ahetqoleqsapd eaceqipquqbdsahquahqsttenfiansbdeqhedsts vqftih ceh
bxqhtsaryqMeqlukeqcluagehqi tqvsahyqMeqnluddqaioqippetqoluoqfdeuy”q[Olea
oiqoleqcdetr:]q“CuddqOlivunqNumxet!”

Uqf ..dehquvu.eveaoqumireqsaqeketxqpuceqsaqoleqli ne,qaioqekeaqejcefosag
Fiooet'nyqEketxqexeqpunoeaehqsonedpqmsolqmiahetsagqsaoetenoq fiaqOivqun
leqtinequahqoiirqlsnqfduceq fiaqoleqnouahyqOleqbixqdiirehqmsdhqeai gl,
pitqleqmunqbuhdxqncutehyqOleqiuolqmunquhvsasnoetehy

“OlivunqNumxet,qmleteqmeteqxi qiaqoleqnekeaoeeaolqipqZ ae,qubi oqole
li tqipqvshasglo?”

OivqgduacehquoqSaz aqZie'nqstiaqpucequahqlsnqoiag eqpusdehqlsvyqOle
u hseaceqdsnoeaehqbteuoldenn,qb oqoleqmithnqtep nehqoiqciveyqUpoetquqpem
viveaon,qlimeket,qoleqbixqgioquqdsoodeqipqlsnqnoteagolqbucr,quahqvuaugeh
oiqf oqeai glqipqsoqsaoiqlsnqkisceqoiqvureqfutoqipqoleqli neqleut:

“Saqoleqgtukexuth!”

“Uqdsoodeqbsoqdi het,qfdeuneyqHia'oqbequptushyqXi qmete--”

“Saqoleqgtukexuthy”

Uqciaoevfo i nqnvsdeqpdsooehquctinnqSaz aqZie'nqpucey

“Meteqxi quaxmleteqaeutqLitneqMsddsuvn'qgtuke?”

“Xen,qnsty”

“Nfeurq f--z noquqotspdeqdi hetyqLimqaeutqmeteqxi ?”

“AeutqunqSquvqoiqxi y”

“Meteqxi qlshhea,qitqaio?”

“Sqmunqlshy”

“Mlete?”

“Belsahqoleqedvnqoluo'nqiaqoleqehgeqipqoleqgtukey”

Saz aqZieqgukequqbutedxqfetcefosbdeqnoutoy

“Uaxqiaeqmsolqxi ?”

“Xen,qnstyqSqmeaoqoleteqmsol--”

“Muso--musoquqviveaoyqAeketqvsahqveaosiasagqxi tqcivfuasia'nqauveyqMe
msddqftih ceqlsvquoqoleqftifetqosveyqHshqxi qcuttxquaxolsagqoleteqmsol
xi y”

Oivqlensouoehquahqdiirehqciap nehy

“Nfeurqi o,qvxqbix--hia'oqbeqhsppsheaoyqOleqot olqsnqudmuxnqtenfecoubdey
Mluoqhshqxi qoureqolete?”

“Iadxqu--u--heuhqcuoy”

Oleteqmunquqtsffdeqipqvstol,qmlsclqoleqci toqclecrehy

“Meqmsddqftih ceqoleqnredeoiaqipqoluoqcuoyqAim,qvxqbix,qoeddq n
eketxolsagqoluoqicc tteh--oeddqsoqsaqxi tqimaqmux--hia'oqnrsfquaxolsag,
uahqhia'oqbequptushy”

Oivqbegua--lensouosagdxquoqpstno,qb oqunqleqmutvehqoiqlsnqn bzecoqlsn
mithnqpdimehqvitequahqviteqeunsdx;qsaquqdsoodeqmlsdeqeketxqni ahqceuneh
b oqlsnqimaqkisce;qeketxqexeqpsjehqsonedpq fiaqlsv;qmsolqfutoehqdsfnquah
buoehqbteuolqolequ hseaceql agq fiaqlsnqmithn,qoursagqaiqaioeqipqosve,
tufoqsaqoleqglunodxqpuncsauosianqipqoleqoudeyqOleqnotusaq fiaqfeao
eviosiaqteuclehqsonqcdsvujqmleaqoleqbixqnush:

“--uahqunqoleqhicoitqpeoclehqoleqbiuthquti ahquahqV ppqFiooetqpedd,qSaz a
Zieqz vfehqmsolqoleqraspequah--”

Ctunl!qW scrqunqdsgloasagqoleqludpbteehqnftuagqpitquqmsahim,qoiteqlsn
muxqolti glquddqiffinetn,quahqmunqgiae!




CLUFOETqJJSK

OIVqmunquqgdsooetsagqletiqiaceqvite--oleqfeoqipqoleqidh,qoleqeakxqipqole
xi agyqLsnqauveqekeaqmeaoqsaoiqsvvitoudqftsao,qpitqoleqksddugeqfufet
vugaspsehqlsvyqOleteqmeteqniveqoluoqbedsekehqleqmi dhqbeqFtensheao,qxeo,
spqleqencufehqluagsagy

Unq n ud,qoleqpscrde,q ateuniasagqmitdhqoiirqV ppqFiooetqoiqsonqbiniv
uahqpiahdehqlsvqunqduksnldxqunqsoqluhqub nehqlsvqbepiteyqB oqoluoqnito
ipqciah coqsnqoiqoleqmitdh'nqctehso;qoletepiteqsoqsnqaioqmeddqoiqpsah
pu doqmsolqsoy

Oiv'nqhuxnqmeteqhuxnqipqnfdeahitquahqej douosiaqoiqlsv,qb oqlsnqasglon
meteqneunianqipqlittityqSaz aqZieqsapenoehquddqlsnqhteuvn,quahqudmuxn
msolqhiivqsaqlsnqexeyqLuthdxquaxqoevfouosiaqci dhqfetn uheqoleqbix
oiqnostqubtiuhqupoetqasglopuddyqFiitqL crqmunqsaqoleqnuveqnouoeqip
mteoclehaennquahqoettit,qpitqOivqluhqoidhqoleqmlideqnoitxqoiqoleqdumxet
oleqasgloqbepiteqoleqgteuoqhuxqipqoleqotsud,quahqL crqmunqnitequptush
oluoqlsnqnluteqsaqoleqb nsaennqvsgloqdeurqi o,qxeo,qaiomsolnouahsag
Saz aqZie'nqpdsgloqluhqnukehqlsvqoleqn ppetsagqipqoenospxsagqsaqci toy
Oleqfiitqpeddimqluhqgioqolequooitaexqoiqftivsneqnectecx,qb oqmluoqip
oluo?qNsaceqOiv'nqlutunnehqciancseaceqluhqvuaugehqoiqhtskeqlsvqoiqole
dumxet'nqli neqbxqasgloquahqmtsagquqhteuhqoudeqptivqdsfnqoluoqluh
beeaqneudehqmsolqoleqhsnvudenoquahqvinoqpitvshubdeqipqiuoln,qL cr'n
ciapsheaceqsaqoleql vuaqtuceqmunqmeddasglqibdsoetuoehy

HusdxqV ppqFiooet'nqgtuoso heqvuheqOivqgduhqleqluhqnfirea;qb oqasglodx
leqmsnlehqleqluhqneudehq fqlsnqoiag ey

LudpqoleqosveqOivqmunquptushqSaz aqZieqmi dhqaeketqbeqcufo teh;qole
ioletqludpqleqmunquptushqleqmi dhqbeyqLeqpedoqn teqleqaeketqci dhqhtumqu
nupeqbteuolqugusaq aosdqoluoqvuaqmunqheuhquahqleqluhqneeaqoleqcitfney

Temuthnqluhqbeeaqippeteh,qoleqci aotxqluhqbeeaqnci teh,qb oqaiqSaz a
Zieqmunqpi ahyqIaeqipqolineqivasncseaoquahqumesanfstsagqvutkedn,qu
heoecoske,qcuveq fqptivqNoyqDi sn,qvi nehquti ah,qnliirqlsnqleuh,qdiireh
msne,quahqvuheqoluoqnitoqipqunoi ahsagqn ccennqmlsclqvevbetnqipqoluo
ctupoq n uddxquclsekeyqOluoqsnqoiqnux,qleq“pi ahquqcdemy”qB oqxi qcua'o
luagquq“cdem”qpitqv thet,quahqniqupoetqoluoqheoecoskeqluhqgioqolti gl
uahqgiaeqlive,qOivqpedoqz noqunqsanec tequnqleqmunqbepitey

Oleqndimqhuxnqhtspoehqia,quahqeuclqdepoqbelsahqsoquqndsglodxqdsgloeaeh
mesgloqipquffteleansiay




CLUFOETqJJK

OLETEqcivenquqosveqsaqeketxqtsglodx-cianot coehqbix'nqdspeqmleaqleqlun
uqtugsagqhensteqoiqgiqnivemletequahqhsgqpitqlshheaqoteun teyqOlsnqhenste
n hheadxqcuveq fiaqOivqiaeqhuxyqLeqnuddsehqi oqoiqpsahqZieqLutfet,
b oqpusdehqipqn ccennyqAejoqleqni gloqBeaqTigetn;qleqluhqgiaeqpsnlsagy
Fteneaodxqleqno vbdehq fiaqL crqPsaaqoleqTeh-LuahehyqL crqmi dh
uanmetyqOivqoiirqlsvqoiquqftskuoeqfducequahqifeaehqoleqvuooetqoiqlsv
ciapsheaosuddxyqL crqmunqmsddsagyqL crqmunqudmuxnqmsddsagqoiqourequqluah
saquaxqeaoetftsneqoluoqippetehqeaoetousaveaoquahqtew stehqaiqcufsoud,
pitqleqluhquqoti bdeniveqn fetub ahuaceqipqoluoqnitoqipqosveqmlsclqsn
aioqviaexyq“Mlete'ddqmeqhsg?”qnushqL cry

“Il,qvinoquaxmletey”

“Mlx,qsnqsoqlshquddquti ah?”

“Ai,qsaheehqsoqusa'oyqSo'nqlshqsaqvsgloxqfutosc dutqfducen,
L cr--niveosvenqiaqsnduahn,qniveosvenqsaqtiooeaqclenonq ahetqoleqeahqip
uqdsvbqipquaqidhqheuhqotee,qz noqmleteqoleqnluhimqpuddnquoqvshasglo;qb o
vinodxq ahetqoleqpdiitqsaqlu'aoehqli neny”

“Mliqlshenqso?”

“Mlx,qtibbetn,qipqci tne--mli'hqxi qtecria?qN ahux-ncliid
n f'tsaoeaheaon?”

“Sqhia'oqraimyqSpq'omunqvsaeqSqmi dha'oqlsheqso;qS'hqnfeahqsoquahqlukequ
giihqosvey”

“Niqmi dhqSyqB oqtibbetnqhia'oqhiqoluoqmuxyqOlexqudmuxnqlsheqsoquah
deukeqsoqoletey”

“Hia'oqolexqcivequpoetqsoquaxqvite?”

“Ai,qolexqolsarqolexqmsdd,qb oqolexqgeaetuddxqpitgeoqoleqvutrn,qitqedne
olexqhseyqUaxmux,qsoqduxnqoletequqdiagqosvequahqgeonqt nox;quahqbxquah
bxqnivebihxqpsahnquaqidhqxeddimqfufetqoluoqoeddnqlimqoiqpsahqoleqvutrn--u
fufetqoluo'nqgioqoiqbeqcsfletehqiketqubi oquqmeerqbecu neqso'nqvinodx
nsganquahqlx'tigdxflscny”

“Lxti--mlscl?”

“Lx'tigdxflscn--fsco tenquahqolsagn,qxi qraim,qoluoqhia'oqneevqoiqveua
uaxolsagy”

“Lukeqxi qgioqiaeqipqolevqfufetn,qOiv?”

“Aiy”

“Meddqolea,qlimqxi qgisagqoiqpsahqoleqvutrn?”

“Sqhia'oqmuaoquaxqvutrnyqOlexqudmuxnqb txqsoq ahetquqlu'aoehqli neqitqia
uaqsnduah,qitq ahetquqheuhqoteeqoluo'nqgioqiaeqdsvbqnoscrsagqi oyqMedd,
me'keqotsehqZucrnia'nqSnduahquqdsoode,quahqmeqcuaqotxqsoqugusaqnive
osve;quahqolete'nqoleqidhqlu'aoehqli neq fqoleqNosdd-Li neqbtuacl,quah
olete'nqdionqipqheuh-dsvbqoteen--heuhqdiuhnqipq'evy”

“Snqsoq ahetquddqipqolev?”

“Limqxi qoudr!qAi!”

“Oleaqlimqxi qgisagqoiqraimqmlsclqiaeqoiqgiqpit?”

“Giqpitquddqipq'ev!”

“Mlx,qOiv,qso'ddqourequddqn vvety”

“Medd,qmluoqipqoluo?qN ffineqxi qpsahquqbtunnqfioqmsolquql ahtehqhiddutn
saqso,quddqt noxquahqgtux,qitqtiooeaqclenoqp ddqipqhs'viahnyqLim'n
oluo?”

L cr'nqexenqgdimehy

“Oluo'nqb ddxyqFdeaoxqb ddxqeai glqpitqveyqZ noqxi qgsvveqoleql ahteh
hiddutnquahqSqhia'oqmuaoqaiqhs'viahny”

“UddqtsgloyqB oqSqbeoqxi qSqusa'oqgisagqoiqoltimqippqiaqhs'viahnyqNive
ipq'ev'nqmitolqomeaoxqhiddutnqufsece--oletequsa'oquax,qluthdx,qb o'n
mitolqnsjqbsonqitquqhidduty”

“Ai!qSnqoluoqni?”

“Ceto'adx--uaxbihx'ddqoeddqxi qniyqLusa'oqxi qeketqneeaqiae,qL cr?”

“AioqunqSqtevevbety”

“Il,qrsagnqlukeqnduoletnqipqolevy”

“Medd,qSqhia'qraimqaiqrsagn,qOivy”

“Sqtecriaqxi qhia'oyqB oqspqxi qmunqoiqgiqoiqE tifeqxi 'hqneequqtupoqip
'evqliffsagquti ahy”

“Hiqolexqlif?”

“Lif?--xi tqgtuaax!qAi!”

“Medd,qmluoqhshqxi qnuxqolexqhsh,qpit?”

“Nl crn,qSqiadxqveuaoqxi 'hq_nee_q'ev--aioqliffsag,qipqci tne--mluoqhi
olexqmuaoqoiqlifqpit?--b oqSqveuaqxi 'hqz noqneeq'ev--ncuooetehquti ah,
xi qraim,qsaquqrsahqipquqgeaetudqmuxyqDsreqoluoqidhql vfbucrehqTscluthy”

“Tscluth?qMluo'nqlsnqioletqauve?”

“Leqhsha'oqlukequaxqioletqauveyqRsagnqhia'oqlukequaxqb oquqgskeaqauvey”

“Ai?”

“B oqolexqhia'oy”

“Medd,qspqolexqdsreqso,qOiv,quddqtsglo;qb oqSqhia'oqmuaoqoiqbequqrsag
uahqlukeqiadxqz noquqgskeaqauve,qdsrequqasggetyqB oqnux--mleteqxi qgisag
oiqhsgqpstno?”

“Medd,qSqhia'oqraimyqN'fineqmeqoucrdeqoluoqidhqheuh-dsvbqoteeqiaqole
lsddqo'ioletqnsheqipqNosdd-Li neqbtuacl?”

“S'vqugteehy”

Niqolexqgioquqctsffdehqfscrquahquqnliked,quahqneoqi oqiaqolest
oltee-vsdeqotuvfyqOlexquttskehqlioquahqfuaosag,quahqoltemqolevnedken
himaqsaqoleqnluheqipquqaesglbitsagqedvqoiqtenoquahqlukequqnvirey

“Sqdsreqolsn,”qnushqOivy

“NiqhiqSy”

“Nux,qL cr,qspqmeqpsahquqoteun teqlete,qmluoqxi qgisagqoiqhiqmsolqxi t
nlute?”

“Medd,qS'ddqlukeqfsequahquqgdunnqipqnihuqeketxqhux,quahqS'ddqgiqoiqeketx
cstc nqoluoqcivenqudiagyqSqbeoqS'ddqlukequqguxqosvey”

“Medd,qusa'oqxi qgisagqoiqnukequaxqipqso?”

“Nukeqso?qMluoqpit?”

“Mlx,qniqunqoiqlukeqniveolsagqoiqdskeqia,qbxquahqbxy”

“Il,qoluoqusa'oquaxq neyqFufqmi dhqciveqbucrqoiqolsnl-xetqoimaqniveqhux
uahqgeoqlsnqcdumnqiaqsoqspqSqhsha'oql ttxq f,quahqSqoeddqxi qle'hqcdeua
soqi oqfteooxqw scryqMluoqxi qgisagqoiqhiqmsolqxi ta,qOiv?”

“S'vqgisagqoiqb xquqaemqht v,quahquqn te'ai glqnmith,quahquqtehqaecrose
uahquqb ddqf f,quahqgeoqvuttsehy”

“Vuttseh!”

“Oluo'nqsoy”

“Oiv,qxi --mlx,qxi qusa'oqsaqxi tqtsgloqvsahy”

“Muso--xi 'ddqneey”

“Medd,qoluo'nqoleqpiidsnlenoqolsagqxi qci dhqhiyqDiirquoqfufquahqvx
violetyqPsglo!qMlx,qolexq nehqoiqpsgloquddqoleqosveyqSqtevevbet,qvsglox
meddy”

“Oluoqusa'oquaxolsagyqOleqgstdqS'vqgisagqoiqvuttxqmia'oqpsgloy”

“Oiv,qSqtecriaqolex'tequddqudsreyqOlex'ddquddqcivbquqbihxyqAimqxi 
beooetqolsarq'bi oqolsnqumlsdeyqSqoeddqxi qxi qbeooetyqMluo'nqoleqauve
ipqoleqgud?”

“Soqusa'oquqgudquoqudd--so'nquqgstdy”

“So'nquddqoleqnuve,qSqtecria;qniveqnuxnqgud,qniveqnuxnqgstd--biol'n
tsglo,qdsreqeai glyqUaxmux,qmluo'nqletqauve,qOiv?”

“S'ddqoeddqxi qniveqosve--aioqaimy”

“Uddqtsglo--oluo'ddqhiyqIadxqspqxi qgeoqvuttsehqS'ddqbeqviteqdiaenivet
oluaqekety”

“Aiqxi qmia'oyqXi 'ddqcivequahqdskeqmsolqveyqAimqnostqi oqipqolsnquah
me'ddqgiqoiqhsggsagy”

Olexqmitrehquahqnmeuoehqpitqludpquaqli tyqAiqten doyqOlexqoisdehquaiolet
ludpli tyqNosddqaiqten doyqL crqnush:

“Hiqolexqudmuxnqb txqsoqunqheefqunqolsn?”

“Niveosven--aioqudmuxnyqAioqgeaetuddxyqSqtecriaqmeqlukea'oqgioqoleqtsglo
fducey”

NiqolexqclinequqaemqnfioquahqbeguaqugusayqOleqdubitqhtuggehquqdsoode,
b oqnosddqolexqvuheqftigtennyqOlexqfeggehqumuxqsaqnsdeaceqpitqniveqosvey
PsauddxqL crqdeuaehqiaqlsnqnliked,qnmubbehqoleqbeuhehqhtifnqptivqlsn
btimqmsolqlsnqndeeke,quahqnush:

“Mleteqxi qgisagqoiqhsgqaejo,qupoetqmeqgeoqolsnqiae?”

“Sqtecriaqvuxbeqme'ddqoucrdeqoleqidhqoteeqoluo'nqiketqxiahetqiaqCuthspp
Lsddqbucrqipqoleqmshim'ny”

“Sqtecriaqoluo'ddqbequqgiihqiaeyqB oqmia'oqoleqmshimqoureqsoqumuxqptiv
 n,qOiv?qSo'nqiaqletqduahy”

“_Nle_qoureqsoqumux!qVuxbeqnle'hqdsreqoiqotxqsoqiaceyqMlieketqpsahnqiae
ipqoleneqlshqoteun ten,qsoqbediagnqoiqlsvyqSoqhia'oqvurequaxqhsppeteace
mlineqduahqso'nqiay”

OluoqmunqnuosnpucoitxyqOleqmitrqmeaoqiayqBxquahqbxqL crqnush:

“Bduveqso,qmeqv noqbeqsaqoleqmtiagqfducequgusayqMluoqhiqxi qolsar?”

“Soqsnqvsgloxqc tsi n,qL cryqSqhia'oq ahetnouahqsoyqNiveosvenqmsoclen
saoetpeteyqSqtecriaqvuxbeqoluo'nqmluo'nqoleqoti bdeqaimy”

“Nl crn!qMsoclenqusa'oqgioqaiqfimetqsaqoleqhuxosvey”

“Medd,qoluo'nqniyqSqhsha'oqolsarqipqoluoyqIl,qSqraimqmluoqoleqvuooetqsn!
Mluoquqbduvehqdioqipqpiidnqmequte!qXi qgioqoiqpsahqi oqmleteqoleqnluhim
ipqoleqdsvbqpuddnquoqvshasglo,quahqoluo'nqmleteqxi qhsg!”

“Oleaqciani ahqso,qme'keqpiidehqumuxquddqolsnqmitrqpitqaiolsagyqAimqluag
soqudd,qmeqgioqoiqciveqbucrqsaqoleqasgloyqSo'nquaqump dqdiagqmuxyqCua
xi qgeoqi o?”

“SqbeoqSqmsddyqMe'keqgioqoiqhiqsoqoiasglo,qoii,qbecu neqspqnivebihxqneen
oleneqlidenqolex'ddqraimqsaquqvsa oeqmluo'nqletequahqolex'ddqgiqpitqsoy”

“Medd,qS'ddqcivequti ahquahqvuimqoiasgloy”

“UddqtsgloyqDeo'nqlsheqoleqoiidnqsaqoleqb nleny”

Oleqbixnqmeteqoleteqoluoqasglo,qubi oqolequffisaoehqosveyqOlexqnuoqsa
oleqnluhimqmusosagyqSoqmunquqdiaedxqfduce,quahquaqli tqvuheqnidevaqbx
idhqotuhsosianyqNfstsonqmlsnfetehqsaqoleqt nodsagqdeuken,qglinonqd treh
saqoleqv trxqaiirn,qoleqheefqbuxsagqipquqli ahqpdiuoehq fqi oqipqole
hsnouace,quaqimdquanmetehqmsolqlsnqnef dcltudqaioeyqOleqbixnqmete
n bh ehqbxqoleneqnidevasosen,quahqoudrehqdsoodeyqBxquahqbxqolexqz hgeh
oluoqomedkeqluhqcive;qolexqvutrehqmleteqoleqnluhimqpedd,quahqbeguaqoi
hsgyqOlestqlifenqcivveacehqoiqtsneyqOlestqsaoetenoqgtemqnotiaget,quah
olestqsah notxqrefoqfuceqmsolqsoyqOleqlideqheefeaehquahqnosddqheefeaeh,
b oqeketxqosveqolestqleutonqz vfehqoiqleutqoleqfscrqnotsreq fia
niveolsag,qolexqiadxqn ppetehquqaemqhsnuffisaoveaoyqSoqmunqiadxquqnoiae
itquqcl aryqUoqdunoqOivqnush:

“Soqusa'oquaxq ne,qL cr,qme'teqmtiagqugusay”

“Medd,qb oqmeq_cua'o_qbeqmtiagyqMeqnfiooehqoleqnluhhetqoiquqhioy”

“Sqraimqso,qb oqoleaqolete'nquaioletqolsagy”

“Mluo'nqoluo?”y

“Mlx,qmeqiadxqg ennehquoqoleqosveyqDsreqeai glqsoqmunqoiiqduoeqitqoii
eutdxy”

L crqhtiffehqlsnqnlikedy

“Oluo'nqso,”qnushqleyq“Oluo'nqoleqketxqoti bdeyqMeqgioqoiqgskeqolsnqiae
 fyqMeqcua'oqeketqoeddqoleqtsgloqosve,quahqbenshenqolsnqrsahqipqolsag'n
oiiqump d,qleteqolsnqosveqipqasgloqmsolqmsoclenquahqglinonqu-pd ooetsag
uti ahqniyqSqpeedqunqspqniveolsag'nqbelsahqvequddqoleqosve;qquahqS'v
upeuthqoiqo taquti ah,qbec .qvuxbeqolete'nqioletnqsaqptiaoqu-musosagqpit
uqcluaceyqSqbeeaqcteefsagquddqiket,qeketqnsaceqSqgioqletey”

“Medd,qS'keqbeeaqfteooxqv clqni,qoii,qL cryqOlexqvinoqudmuxnqf oqsaqu
heuhqvuaqmleaqolexqb txquqoteun teq ahetquqotee,qoiqdiirqi oqpitqsoy”

“Dithx!”

“Xen,qolexqhiyqS'kequdmuxnqleuthqoluoy”

“Oiv,qSqhia'oqdsreqoiqpiidquti ahqv clqmleteqolete'nqheuhqfeifdeyqU
bihx'nqbi ahqoiqgeoqsaoiqoti bdeqmsolq'ev,qn tey”

“Sqhia'oqdsreqoiqnostq'evq f,qesoletyqN'fineqolsnqiaeqleteqmunqoiqnoscr
lsnqnr ddqi oquahqnuxqniveolsag!”

“Hia'oqOiv!qSo'nqump dy”

“Medd,qsoqz noqsnyqL cr,qSqhia'oqpeedqcivpitoubdequqbsoy”

“Nux,qOiv,qdeo'nqgskeqolsnqfduceq f,quahqotxqnivemletenqedney”

“Uddqtsglo,qSqtecriaqmeqbeooety”

“Mluo'ddqsoqbe?”

Oivqcianshetehqumlsde;quahqoleaqnush:

“Oleqlu'aoehqli neyqOluo'nqso!”

“Bduveqso,qSqhia'oqdsreqlu'aoehqli nen,qOivyqMlx,qolex'tequqhetaqnsglo
mitne'aqheuhqfeifdeyqHeuhqfeifdeqvsgloqoudr,qvuxbe,qb oqolexqhia'oqcive
ndshsagquti ahqsaquqnlti h,qmleaqxi qusa'oqaioscsag,quahqfeefqiketqxi t
nli dhetquddqipquqn hheaquahqgtsoqolestqoeeol,qoleqmuxquqglinoqhienyqS
ci dha'oqnouahqn clquqolsagqunqoluo,qOiv--aibihxqci dhy”

“Xen,qb o,qL cr,qglinonqhia'oqotukedquti ahqiadxquoqasgloyqOlexqmia'o
leahetq nqptivqhsggsagqoleteqsaqoleqhuxosvey”

“Medd,qoluo'nqniyqB oqxi qraimqvsgloxqmeddqfeifdeqhia'oqgiqubi oqoluo
lu'aoehqli neqsaqoleqhuxqaitqoleqasgloy”

“Medd,qoluo'nqvinodxqbecu neqolexqhia'oqdsreqoiqgiqmletequqvua'nqbeea
v theteh,quaxmux--b oqaiolsag'nqeketqbeeaqneeaquti ahqoluoqli neqejcefo
saqoleqasglo--z noqniveqbd eqdsglonqndsffsagqbxqoleqmsahimn--aiqteg dut
glinony”

“Medd,qmleteqxi qneeqiaeqipqolevqbd eqdsglonqpdscretsagquti ah,qOiv,
xi qcuaqbeoqolete'nquqglinoqvsgloxqcdineqbelsahqsoyqSoqnouahnqoiqteuniay
Bec .qxi qraimqoluoqolexqhia'oquaxbihxqb oqglinonq neq'evy”

“Xen,qoluo'nqniyqB oquaxmuxqolexqhia'oqcivequti ahqsaqoleqhuxosve,qni
mluo'nqoleq neqipqi tqbesagqupeuth?”

“Medd,quddqtsgloyqMe'ddqoucrdeqoleqlu'aoehqli neqspqxi qnuxqni--b oqS
tecriaqso'nqoursagqcluaceny”

OlexqluhqnoutoehqhimaqoleqlsddqbxqolsnqosveyqOleteqsaqoleqvshhdeqipqole
viiadsoqkuddexqbedimqolevqnoiihqoleq“lu'aoeh”qli ne,q ooetdxqsniduoeh,
sonqpeacenqgiaeqdiagqugi,qtuarqmeehnqnvioletsagqoleqketxqhiitnoefn,qole
clsvaexqct vbdehqoiqt sa,qoleqmsahim-nunlenqkucuao,quqcitaetqipqoleqtiip
cukehqsayqOleqbixnqgu.ehqumlsde,qludpqejfecosagqoiqneequqbd eqdsgloqpdso
funoquqmsahim;qoleaqoudrsagqsaquqdimqoiae,qunqbepsooehqoleqosvequahqole
cstc vnouacen,qolexqnot crqputqippqoiqoleqtsglo,qoiqgskeqoleqlu aoeh
li nequqmsheqbetol,quahqoiirqolestqmuxqlivemuthqolti glqoleqmiihnqoluo
uhitaehqoleqteutmuthqnsheqipqCuthsppqLsddy




CLUFOETqJKS

UBI Oqaiiaqoleqaejoqhuxqoleqbixnquttskehquoqoleqheuhqotee;qolexqluhqcive
pitqolestqoiidnyqOivqmunqsvfuoseaoqoiqgiqoiqoleqlu aoehqli ne;qL crqmun
veun tubdxqni,qudni--b oqn hheadxqnush:

“Diirxlete,qOiv,qhiqxi qraimqmluoqhuxqsoqsn?”

Oivqveaouddxqtuaqiketqoleqhuxnqipqoleqmeer,quahqoleaqw scrdxqdspoehqlsn
exenqmsolquqnoutodehqdiirqsaqolev--

“Vx!qSqaeketqiaceqoli gloqipqso,qL cr!”

“Medd,qSqhsha'oqaesolet,qb oquddquoqiaceqsoqfiffehqiaoiqveqoluoqsoqmun
Ptshuxy”

“Bduveqso,quqbihxqcua'oqbeqoiiqcutep d,qL cryqMeqvsgloq'u'qgioqsaoiqua
ump dqnctufe,qoucrdsagqn clquqolsagqiaquqPtshuxy”

“_Vsglo_!qBeooetqnuxqmeq_mi dh_!qOlete'nqniveqd crxqhuxn,qvuxbe,qb o
Ptshuxqusa'oy”

“UaxqpiidqraimnqoluoyqSqhia'oqtecriaq_xi _qmunqoleqpstnoqoluoqpi ahqso
i o,qL cry”

“Medd,qSqaeketqnushqSqmun,qhshqS?qUahqPtshuxqusa'oqudd,qaesoletyqSqluhqu
tiooeaqbuhqhteuvqdunoqasglo--hteuvfoqubi oqtuony”

“Ai!qN teqnsgaqipqoti bdeyqHshqolexqpsglo?”

“Aiy”

“Medd,qoluo'nqgiih,qL cryqMleaqolexqhia'oqpsgloqso'nqiadxquqnsgaqoluo
olete'nqoti bdequti ah,qxi qraimyqUddqmeqgioqoiqhiqsnqoiqdiirqvsglox
nlutfquahqreefqi oqipqsoyqMe'ddqhtifqolsnqolsagqpitqoihux,quahqfduxyqHi
xi qraimqTibsaqLiih,qL cr?”

“AiyqMli'nqTibsaqLiih?”

“Mlx,qleqmunqiaeqipqoleqgteuoenoqveaqoluoqmunqeketqsaqEagduah--uahqole
benoyqLeqmunquqtibbety”

“Ctucrx,qSqmsnloqSqmunyqMliqhshqleqtib?”

“Iadxqnletsppnquahqbsnlifnquahqtsclqfeifdequahqrsagn,quahqn clqdsreyqB o
leqaeketqbioletehqoleqfiityqLeqdikehq'evyqLequdmuxnqhskshehq fqmsolq'ev
fetpecodxqnw utey”

“Medd,qleqv noq'u'qbeeaquqbtscry”

“Sqbeoqxi qleqmun,qL cryqIl,qleqmunqoleqaibdenoqvuaqoluoqeketqmuny
Olexqusa'oquaxqn clqveaqaim,qSqcuaqoeddqxi yqLeqci dhqdscrquaxqvuaqsa
Eagduah,qmsolqiaeqluahqosehqbelsahqlsv;quahqleqci dhqoureqlsnqxemqbim
uahqfd gquqoea-ceaoqfseceqeketxqosve,quqvsdequahquqludpy”

“Mluo'nquq_xem_qbim?”

“Sqhia'oqraimyqSo'nqniveqrsahqipquqbim,qipqci tneyqUahqspqleqlsoqoluo
hsveqiadxqiaqoleqehgeqleqmi dhqneoqhimaquahqctx--uahqc tneyqB oqme'dd
fduxqTibsaqLiih--so'nqaibbxqp ayqS'ddqdeutaqxi y”

“S'vqugteehy”

NiqolexqfduxehqTibsaqLiihquddqolequpoetaiia,qaimquahqoleaqcunosagqu
xeutasagqexeqhimaq fiaqoleqlu aoehqli nequahqfunnsagquqtevutrqubi oqole
vittim'nqftinfeconquahqfinnsbsdsosenqoleteyqUnqoleqn aqbeguaqoiqnsar
saoiqoleqmenoqolexqoiirqolestqmuxqlivemuthquolmutoqoleqdiagqnluhimn
ipqoleqoteenquahqniiaqmeteqb tsehqptivqnsgloqsaqoleqpitenonqipqCuthspp
Lsddy

IaqNuo thux,qnlitodxqupoetqaiia,qoleqbixnqmetequoqoleqheuhqoteequgusay
Olexqluhquqnvirequahquqcluoqsaqoleqnluhe,quahqoleaqh gquqdsoodeqsaqolest
dunoqlide,qaioqmsolqgteuoqlife,qb oqvetedxqbecu neqOivqnushqoleteqmete
niqvuaxqcunenqmleteqfeifdeqluhqgskeaq fquqoteun tequpoetqgeoosagqhima
msolsaqnsjqsaclenqipqso,quahqoleaqnivebihxqedneqluhqcivequdiagquah
o taehqsoq fqmsolquqnsagdeqolt noqipquqnlikedyqOleqolsagqpusdehqolsn
osve,qlimeket,qniqoleqbixnqnli dhetehqolestqoiidnquahqmeaoqumuxqpeedsag
oluoqolexqluhqaioqotspdehqmsolqpito ae,qb oqluhqp dpsddehquddqole
tew steveaonqoluoqbediagqoiqoleqb nsaennqipqoteun te-l aosagy

Mleaqolexqteuclehqoleqlu aoehqli neqoleteqmunqniveolsagqniqmesthquah
gtsndxqubi oqoleqheuhqnsdeaceqoluoqtesgaehqoleteq ahetqoleqbursagqn a,
uahqniveolsagqniqheftennsagqubi oqoleqdiaedsaennquahqheniduosiaqipqole
fduce,qoluoqolexqmetequptush,qpitquqviveao,qoiqkeao teqsayqOleaqolex
ctefoqoiqoleqhiitquahqoiirquqotevbdsagqfeefyqOlexqnumquqmeehgtima,
pdiitdennqtiiv,q afdunoeteh,quaquacseaoqpstefduce,qkucuaoqmsahimn,
uqt sai nqnoustcune;quahqlete,qolete,quahqeketxmleteql agqtuggehquah
ubuahiaehqcibmebnyqOlexqfteneaodxqeaoeteh,qnipodx,qmsolqw screaeh
f dnen,qoudrsagqsaqmlsnfetn,qeutnqudetoqoiqcuoclqoleqndsgloenoqni ah,
uahqv ncdenqoeanequahqteuhxqpitqsanouaoqteoteuoy

Saquqdsoodeqmlsdeqpuvsdsutsoxqvihspsehqolestqpeutnquahqolexqgukeqole
fducequqctsoscudquahqsaoetenoehqejuvsauosia,qtuoletquhvstsagqolestqima
bidhaenn,quahqmiahetsagquoqso,qoiiyqAejoqolexqmuaoehqoiqdiirq fnoustny
Olsnqmunqniveolsagqdsreqc oosagqippqteoteuo,qb oqolexqgioqoiqhutsag
euclqiolet,quahqipqci tneqoleteqci dhqbeqb oqiaeqten do--olexqoltemqolest
oiidnqsaoiquqcitaetquahqvuheqolequnceaoyq fqoleteqmeteqoleqnuveqnsganqip
hecuxyqSaqiaeqcitaetqolexqpi ahquqcdineoqoluoqftivsnehqvxnoetx,qb oqole
ftivsneqmunquqptu h--oleteqmunqaiolsagqsaqsoyqOlestqci tugeqmunq fqaim
uahqmeddqsaqluahyqOlexqmetequbi oqoiqgiqhimaquahqbegsaqmitrqmlea--

“Nl!”qnushqOivy

“Mluoqsnqso?”qmlsnfetehqL cr,qbduaclsagqmsolqptsgloy

“Nl!yyyqOlete!yyyqLeutqso?”

“Xen!yyyqIl,qvx!qDeo'nqt a!”

“Reefqnosdd!qHia'oqxi qb hge!qOlex'teqcivsagqtsgloqoimuthqoleqhiity”

Oleqbixnqnoteoclehqolevnedkenq fiaqoleqpdiitqmsolqolestqexenqoi
raiolidenqsaqoleqfduarsag,quahqduxqmusosag,qsaquqvsnetxqipqpeuty

“Olex'keqnoiffehyyyyqAi--civsagyyyyqLeteqolexquteyqHia'oqmlsnfetquaiolet
mith,qL cryqVxqgiihaenn,qSqmsnlqSqmunqi oqipqolsn!”

OmiqveaqeaoetehyqEuclqbixqnushqoiqlsvnedp:q“Olete'nqoleqidhqheupquah
h vbqNfuasuthqoluo'nqbeeaqubi oqoimaqiaceqitqomsceqduoedx--aeketqnum
o'ioletqvuaqbepitey”

“O'iolet”qmunquqtuggeh,q arevfoqcteuo te,qmsolqaiolsagqketxqfdeunuao
saqlsnqpuceyqOleqNfuasuthqmunqmtuffehqsaquqnetufe;qleqluhqb nlxqmlsoe
mlsnretn;qdiagqmlsoeqlustqpdimehqptivq ahetqlsnqnivbteti,quahqleqmite
gteeaqgiggdenyqMleaqolexqcuveqsa,q“o'iolet”qmunqoudrsagqsaquqdimqkisce;
olexqnuoqhimaqiaqoleqgti ah,qpucsagqoleqhiit,qmsolqolestqbucrnqoiqole
mudd,quahqoleqnfeuretqciaosa ehqlsnqtevutrnyqLsnqvuaaetqbecuveqdenn
g uthehquahqlsnqmithnqviteqhsnosacoqunqleqfticeeheh:

“Ai,”qnushqle,q“S'keqoli gloqsoquddqiket,quahqSqhia'oqdsreqsoyqSo'n
huageti ny”

“Huageti n!”qgt aoehqoleq“heupquahqh vb”qNfuasuth--oiqoleqkunoqn tftsne
ipqoleqbixnyq“Vsdrnif!”

Olsnqkisceqvuheqoleqbixnqgunfquahqw ureyqSoqmunqSaz aqZie'n!qOleteqmun
nsdeaceqpitqniveqosveyqOleaqZieqnush:

“Mluo'nquaxqviteqhuageti nqoluaqoluoqzibq fqxiahet--b oqaiolsag'nqciveqip
soy”

“Oluo'nqhsppeteaoyqUmuxq fqoleqtsketqni,quahqaioquaioletqli nequbi oy
'Omia'oqeketqbeqraimaqoluoqmeqotseh,quaxmux,qdiagqunqmeqhsha'oqn cceehy”

“Medd,qmluo'nqviteqhuageti nqoluaqcivsagqleteqsaqoleqhuxosve!--uaxbihx
mi dhqn nfscsiaq nqoluoqnumq ny”

“SqraimqoluoyqB oqoleteqmuta'oquaxqioletqfducequnqluahxqupoetqoluoqpiid
ipquqzibyqSqmuaoqoiqw soqolsnqnluaoxyqSqmuaoehqoiqxenoethux,qiadxqso
muta'oquaxq neqotxsagqoiqnostqi oqipqlete,qmsolqolineqsapetaudqbixn
fduxsagqiketqoleteqiaqoleqlsddqtsgloqsaqp ddqksemy”

“Olineqsapetaudqbixn”qw urehqugusaq ahetqoleqsanfstuosiaqipqolsnqtevutr,
uahqoli gloqlimqd crxqsoqmunqoluoqolexqluhqtevevbetehqsoqmunqPtshuxquah
ciacd hehqoiqmusoquqhuxyqOlexqmsnlehqsaqolestqleutonqolexqluhqmusoehqu
xeuty

Oleqomiqveaqgioqi oqniveqpiihquahqvuhequqd acleiayqUpoetquqdiagquah
oli glop dqnsdeace,qSaz aqZieqnush:

“Diirqlete,qduh--xi qgiqbucrq fqoleqtsketqmleteqxi qbediagyqMusoqolete
osddqxi qleutqptivqveyqS'ddqoureqoleqcluacenqiaqhtiffsagqsaoiqolsnqoima
z noqiaceqvite,qpitquqdiiryqMe'ddqhiqoluoq'huageti n'qzibqupoetqS'ke
nfsehquti ahquqdsoodequahqolsarqolsagnqdiirqmeddqpitqsoyqOleaqpitqOejun!
Me'ddqdegqsoqoigeolet!”

OlsnqmunqnuosnpucoitxyqBiolqveaqfteneaodxqpeddqoiqxumasag,quahqSaz aqZie
nush:

“S'vqheuhqpitqndeef!qSo'nqxi tqo taqoiqmuocly”

Leqc tdehqhimaqsaqoleqmeehnquahqniiaqbeguaqoiqnaiteyqLsnqcivtuheqnostteh
lsvqiaceqitqomscequahqleqbecuveqw seoyqFteneaodxqoleqmuocletqbeguaqoi
aih;qlsnqleuhqhtiifehqdimetquahqdimet,qbiolqveaqbeguaqoiqnaiteqaimy

Oleqbixnqhtemquqdiag,qgtuoep dqbteuolyqOivqmlsnfeteh:

“Aim'nqi tqcluace--cive!”

L crqnush:

“Sqcua'o--S'hqhseqspqolexqmunqoiqmurey”

Oivq tgeh--L crqledhqbucryqUoqdunoqOivqtineqndimdxquahqnipodx,quah
noutoehqudiaeyqB oqoleqpstnoqnoefqleqvuheqmt agqn clquqlshei nqcteur
ptivqoleqctu.xqpdiitqoluoqleqnuarqhimaqudvinoqheuhqmsolqptsgloyqLeqaeket
vuhequqneciahquooevfoyqOleqbixnqduxqoleteqci aosagqoleqhtuggsagqviveaon
osddqsoqneevehqoiqolevqoluoqosveqv noqbeqhiaequahqeoetasoxqgtimsagqgtux;
uahqoleaqolexqmeteqgtuoep dqoiqaioeqoluoquoqdunoqoleqn aqmunqneoosagy

AimqiaeqnaiteqceunehyqSaz aqZieqnuoq f,qnoutehquti ah--nvsdehqgtsvdxq fia
lsnqcivtuhe,qmlineqleuhqmunqhtiifsagq fiaqlsnqraeen--nosttehqlsvq fqmsol
lsnqpiioquahqnush:

“Lete!q_Xi 'te_quqmuoclvua,qusa'oqxi !qUddqtsglo,qoli gl--aiolsag'n
luffeaehy”

“Vx!qlukeqSqbeeaqundeef?”

“Il,qfutodx,qfutodxyqAeutdxqosveqpitq nqoiqbeqviksag,qfuthyqMluo'ddqme
hiqmsolqmluoqdsoodeqnmugqme'keqgioqdepo?”

“Sqhia'oqraim--deukeqsoqletequnqme'kequdmuxnqhiae,qSqtecriayqAiq neqoi
oureqsoqumuxqosddqmeqnoutoqni olyqNsjql ahtehquahqpspoxqsaqnsdket'n
niveolsagqoiqcuttxy”

“Medd--uddqtsglo--soqmia'oqvuooetqoiqciveqleteqiaceqvitey”

“Ai--b oqS'hqnuxqciveqsaqoleqasgloqunqmeq nehqoiqhi--so'nqbeooety”

“Xen:qb oqdiirqlete;qsoqvuxqbequqgiihqmlsdeqbepiteqSqgeoqoleqtsglo
cluacequoqoluoqzib;quccsheaonqvsgloqluffea;q'ousa'oqsaqn clquqketxqgiih
fduce;qme'ddqz noqteg dutdxqb txqso--uahqb txqsoqheefy”

“Giihqsheu,”qnushqoleqcivtuhe,qmliqmudrehquctinnqoleqtiiv,qraedoqhima,
tusnehqiaeqipqoleqteutmuthqleutol-noiaenquahqoiirqi oquqbugqoluoqzsagdeh
fdeunuaodxyqLeqn botucoehqptivqsoqomeaoxqitqolstoxqhiddutnqpitqlsvnedp
uahqunqv clqpitqSaz aqZie,quahqfunnehqoleqbugqoiqoleqduooet,qmliqmunqia
lsnqraeenqsaqoleqcitaet,qaim,qhsggsagqmsolqlsnqbimse-raspey

Oleqbixnqpitgioquddqolestqpeutn,quddqolestqvsnetsenqsaquaqsanouaoyqMsol
gdiuosagqexenqolexqmuoclehqeketxqvikeveaoyqD cr!--oleqnfdeahitqipqsoqmun
bexiahquddqsvugsauosia!qNsjql ahtehqhiddutnqmunqviaexqeai glqoiqvure
ludpquqhi.eaqbixnqtscl!qLeteqmunqoteun te-l aosagq ahetqoleqluffseno
u nfscen--oleteqmi dhqaioqbequaxqbioletniveq acetousaoxqunqoiqmleteqoi
hsgyqOlexqa hgehqeuclqioletqeketxqviveao--ediw eaoqa hgenquahqeunsdx
 ahetnoiih,qpitqolexqnsvfdxqveuao--“Il,qb oqusa'oqxi qgduhq_aim_qme'te
lete!”

Zie'nqraspeqnot crq fiaqniveolsagy

“Leddi!”qnushqley

“Mluoqsnqso?”qnushqlsnqcivtuhey

“Ludp-tiooeaqfduar--ai,qso'nquqbij,qSqbedsekeyqLete--beutquqluahquahqme'dd
neeqmluoqso'nqleteqpityqAeketqvsah,qS'keqbtirequqlidey”

Leqteuclehqlsnqluahqsaquahqhtemqsoqi o--

“Vua,qso'nqviaex!”

Oleqomiqveaqejuvsaehqoleqluahp dqipqcisanyqOlexqmeteqgidhyqOleqbixn
ubikeqmetequnqejcsoehqunqolevnedken,quahqunqhedsgloehy

Zie'nqcivtuheqnush:

“Me'ddqvureqw scrqmitrqipqolsnyqOlete'nquaqidhqt noxqfscrqiketquviagno
oleqmeehnqsaqoleqcitaetqoleqioletqnsheqipqoleqpstefduce--Sqnumqsoqu
vsa oequgiy”

Leqtuaquahqbti gloqoleqbixn'qfscrquahqnlikedyqSaz aqZieqoiirqole
fscr,qdiirehqsoqiketqctsoscuddx,qnliirqlsnqleuh,qv ooetehqniveolsagqoi
lsvnedp,quahqoleaqbeguaqoiq neqsoyqOleqbijqmunqniiaq aeutolehyqSoqmun
aioqketxqdutge;qsoqmunqstiaqbi ahquahqluhqbeeaqketxqnotiagqbepiteqole
ndimqxeutnqluhqsaz tehqsoyqOleqveaqciaoevfduoehqoleqoteun tequmlsdeqsa
bdsnnp dqnsdeacey

“Futh,qolete'nqoli nuahnqipqhiddutnqlete,”qnushqSaz aqZiey

“'OmunqudmuxnqnushqoluoqV tted'nqguagq nehqoiqbequti ahqleteqiae
n vvet,”qoleqnotuagetqibnetkehy

“Sqraimqso,”qnushqSaz aqZie;q“uahqolsnqdiirnqdsreqso,qSqnli dhqnuxy”

“Aimqxi qmia'oqaeehqoiqhiqoluoqziby”

OleqludpbteehqptimaehyqNushqle:

“Xi qhia'oqraimqveyqDeunoqxi qhia'oqraimquddqubi oqoluoqolsagyq'Ousa'o
tibbetxqudoigeolet--so'nq_tekeage_!”quahquqmscrehqdsgloqpduvehqsaqlsn
exenyq“S'ddqaeehqxi tqledfqsaqsoyqMleaqso'nqpsasnleh--oleaqOejunyqGiqlive
oiqxi tqAuacequahqxi tqrshn,quahqnouahqbxqosddqxi qleutqptivqvey”

“Medd--spqxi qnuxqni;qmluo'ddqmeqhiqmsolqolsn--b txqsoqugusa?”

“Xenyq[Tuksnlsagqhedsgloqiketleuhy]q_Ai_!qbxqoleqgteuoqNuclev,qai!
[Ftipi ahqhsnotennqiketleuhy]qS'hqaeutdxqpitgioyqOluoqfscrqluhqptenl
eutolqiaqso!q[Oleqbixnqmeteqnscrqmsolqoettitqsaquqviveaoy]qMluoqb nsaenn
lunquqfscrquahquqnlikedqlete?qMluoqb nsaennqmsolqptenlqeutolqia
olev?qMliqbti gloqolevqlete--uahqmletequteqolexqgiae?qLukeqxi qleuth
uaxbihx?--neeaquaxbihx?qMluo!qb txqsoqugusaquahqdeukeqolevqoiqcivequah
neeqoleqgti ahqhsno tbeh?qAioqejucodx--aioqejucodxyqMe'ddqoureqsoqoiqvx
heay”

“Mlx,qipqci tne!qVsgloqlukeqoli gloqipqoluoqbepiteyqXi qveuaqA vbet
Iae?”

“Ai--A vbetqOmi-- ahetqoleqctinnyqOleqioletqfduceqsnqbuh--oiiqcivviay”

“UddqtsgloyqSo'nqaeutdxqhutrqeai glqoiqnoutoy”

Saz aqZieqgioq fquahqmeaoqubi oqptivqmsahimqoiqmsahimqcu osi ndxqfeefsag
i oyqFteneaodxqleqnush:

“Mliqci dhqlukeqbti gloqolineqoiidnqlete?qHiqxi qtecriaqolexqcuaqbe
 fnoustn?”

Oleqbixn'qbteuolqpitniirqolevyqSaz aqZieqf oqlsnqluahqiaqlsnqraspe,
ludoehquqviveao,q ahecsheh,quahqoleaqo taehqoimuthqoleqnoustmuxyqOle
bixnqoli gloqipqoleqcdineo,qb oqolestqnoteagolqmunqgiaeyqOleqnoefnqcuve
cteursagq fqoleqnoustn--oleqsaoidetubdeqhsnotennqipqoleqnso uosiaqmire
oleqnotscreaqtenid osiaqipqoleqduhn--olexqmetequbi oqoiqnftsagqpitqole
cdineo,qmleaqoleteqmunquqctunlqipqtiooeaqosvbetnquahqSaz aqZieqduahehqia
oleqgti ahquvshqoleqhebtsnqipqoleqt saehqnoustmuxyqLeqguoletehqlsvnedp
 fqc tnsag,quahqlsnqcivtuheqnush:

“Aimqmluo'nqoleq neqipquddqoluo?qSpqso'nquaxbihx,quahqolex'teq fqolete,
deoqolevq_noux_qolete--mliqcuten?qSpqolexqmuaoqoiqz vfqhima,qaim,quahqgeo
saoiqoti bde,qmliqibzecon?qSoqmsddqbeqhutrqsaqpspoeeaqvsa oen--uahqolea
deoqolevqpiddimq nqspqolexqmuaoqoiyqS'vqmsddsagyqSaqvxqifsasia,qmlieket
likeqolineqolsagnqsaqleteqcu gloquqnsgloqipq nquahqoiirq nqpitqglinonqit
heksdnqitqniveolsagyqS'ddqbeoqolex'teqt aasagqxeoy”

Zieqgt vbdehqumlsde;qoleaqlequgteehqmsolqlsnqptseahqoluoqmluoqhuxdsglo
munqdepoqi gloqoiqbeqeciaivs.ehqsaqgeoosagqolsagnqteuhxqpitqdeuksagy
Nlitodxqupoetmuthqolexqndsffehqi oqipqoleqli neqsaqoleqheefeasag
omsdsglo,quahqvikehqoimuthqoleqtsketqmsolqolestqftecsi nqbijy

OivquahqL crqtineq f,qmeurqb oqkunodxqtedsekeh,quahqnoutehqupoetqolev
olti glqoleqclsarnqbeomeeaqoleqdignqipqoleqli neyqPiddim?qAioqolexyqOlex
meteqciaoeaoqoiqteuclqgti ahqugusaqmsoli oqbtireaqaecrn,quahqoureqole
oimamuthqotucrqiketqoleqlsddyqOlexqhshqaioqoudrqv clyqOlexqmeteqoiiqv cl
ubnitbehqsaqluosagqolevnedken--luosagqoleqsddqd crqoluoqvuheqolevqoure
oleqnfuhequahqoleqfscrqoleteyqB oqpitqoluo,qSaz aqZieqaeketqmi dhqluke
n nfecoehyqLeqmi dhqlukeqlshheaqoleqnsdketqmsolqoleqgidhqoiqmuso
oleteqosddqlsnq“tekeage”qmunqnuosnpseh,quahqoleaqleqmi dhqlukeqluhqole
vsnpito aeqoiqpsahqoluoqviaexqo taq fqvsnnsagyqBsooet,qbsooetqd crqoluo
oleqoiidnqmeteqeketqbti gloqolete!

Olexqtenidkehqoiqreefquqdiiri oqpitqoluoqNfuasuthqmleaqleqnli dhqciveqoi
oimaqnfxsagqi oqpitqcluacenqoiqhiqlsnqtekeagep dqzib,quahqpiddimqlsvqoi
“A vbetqOmi,”qmleteketqoluoqvsgloqbeyqOleaquqglunodxqoli gloqicc ttehqoi
Oivy

“Tekeage?qMluoqspqleqveuanq_ n_,qL cr!”

“Il,qhia'o!”qnushqL cr,qaeutdxqpusaosagy

Olexqoudrehqsoquddqiket,quahqunqolexqeaoetehqoimaqolexqugteehqoiqbedseke
oluoqleqvsgloqfinnsbdxqveuaqnivebihxqedne--uoqdeunoqoluoqleqvsgloquo
deunoqveuaqaibihxqb oqOiv,qnsaceqiadxqOivqluhqoenospsehy

Ketx,qketxqnvuddqcivpitoqsoqmunqoiqOivqoiqbequdiaeqsaqhuaget!qCivfuax
mi dhqbequqfudfubdeqsvftikeveao,qleqoli gloy




CLUFOETqJJKSS

OLEquhkeao teqipqoleqhuxqvsglosdxqoitveaoehqOiv'nqhteuvnqoluoqasgloy
Pi tqosvenqleqluhqlsnqluahnqiaqoluoqtsclqoteun tequahqpi tqosven
soqmunoehqoiqaiolsagaennqsaqlsnqpsagetnqunqndeefqpitniirqlsvquah
murep daennqbti gloqbucrqoleqluthqteudsoxqipqlsnqvsnpito aeyqUnqleqdux
saqoleqeutdxqvitasagqtecuddsagqoleqsacsheaonqipqlsnqgteuoquhkeao te,qle
aioscehqoluoqolexqneevehqc tsi ndxqn bh ehquahqputqumux--nivemluoqunqsp
olexqluhqluffeaehqsaquaioletqmitdh,qitqsaquqosveqdiagqgiaeqbxyqOleaqso
icc ttehqoiqlsvqoluoqoleqgteuoquhkeao teqsonedpqv noqbequqhteuv!qOlete
munqiaeqketxqnotiagqutg veaoqsaqpukitqipqolsnqsheu--auvedx,qoluoqole
w uaosoxqipqcisaqleqluhqneeaqmunqoiiqkunoqoiqbeqteudyqLeqluhqaeketqneea
unqv clqunqpspoxqhiddutnqsaqiaeqvunnqbepite,quahqleqmunqdsrequddqbixnqip
lsnqugequahqnouosiaqsaqdspe,qsaqoluoqleqsvugsaehqoluoquddqtepeteacenqoi
“l ahtehn”quahq“oli nuahn”qmeteqveteqpuacsp dqpitvnqipqnfeecl,quahqoluo
aiqn clqn vnqteuddxqejsnoehqsaqoleqmitdhyqLeqaeketqluhqn ffinehqpit
uqviveaoqoluoqniqdutgequqn vqunquql ahtehqhiddutnqmunqoiqbeqpi ahqsa
uco udqviaexqsaquaxqiae'nqfinnennsiayqSpqlsnqaiosianqipqlshheaqoteun te
luhqbeeaquaudx.eh,qolexqmi dhqlukeqbeeaqpi ahqoiqciansnoqipquqluahp dqip
teudqhsvenquahquqb nledqipqkug e,qnfdeahsh,q agtunfubdeqhiddutny

B oqoleqsacsheaonqipqlsnquhkeao teqgtemqneansbdxqnlutfetquahqcdeutet
 ahetqolequootsosiaqipqolsarsagqolevqiket,quahqniqleqfteneaodxqpi ah
lsvnedpqdeuasagqoiqoleqsvftennsiaqoluoqoleqolsagqvsgloqaioqlukeqbeeaqu
hteuv,qupoetquddyqOlsnq acetousaoxqv noqbeqnmefoqumuxyqLeqmi dhqnauoclqu
l ttsehqbteurpunoquahqgiquahqpsahqL cryqL crqmunqnsoosagqiaqoleqg amude
ipquqpduobiuo,qdsnodenndxqhuagdsagqlsnqpeeoqsaqoleqmuoetquahqdiirsag
ketxqveduaclidxyqOivqciacd hehqoiqdeoqL crqdeuhq fqoiqoleqn bzecoyqSp
leqhshqaioqhiqso,qoleaqolequhkeao teqmi dhqbeqftikehqoiqlukeqbeeaqiadxqu
hteuvy

“Leddi,qL cr!”

“Leddi,qxi tnedpy”

Nsdeace,qpitquqvsa oey

“Oiv,qspqme'hq'u'qdepoqoleqbduveqoiidnquoqoleqheuhqotee,qme'hq'u'qgio
oleqviaexyqIl,qusa'oqsoqump d!”

“'Ousa'oquqhteuv,qolea,q'ousa'oquqhteuv!qNivelimqSqvinoqmsnlqsoqmuny
Hig'hqspqSqhia'o,qL cry”

“Mluoqusa'oquqhteuv?”

“Il,qoluoqolsagqxenoethuxyqSqbeeaqludpqolsarsagqsoqmuny”

“Hteuv!qSpqolevqnoustnqluha'oqbtireqhimaqxi 'hq'u'qneeaqlimqv clqhteuv
soqmun!qS'keqluhqhteuvnqeai glquddqasglo--msolqoluoqfuocl-exehqNfuasnl
heksdqgisagqpitqvequddqolti glq'ev--tioqlsv!”

“Ai,qaioqtioqlsvyq_Psah_qlsv!qOtucrqoleqviaex!”

“Oiv,qme'ddqaeketqpsahqlsvyqUqpeddetqhia'oqlukeqiadxqiaeqcluaceqpitqn cl
uqfsde--uahqoluoqiae'nqdinoyqS'hqpeedqvsgloxqnlurxqspqSqmunqoiqneeqlsv,
uaxmuxy”

“Medd,qni'hqS;qb oqS'hqdsreqoiqneeqlsv,quaxmux--uahqotucrqlsvqi o--oiqlsn
A vbetqOmiy”

“A vbetqOmi--xen,qoluo'nqsoyqSqbeeaqolsarsagq'bi oqoluoyqB oqSqcua'oqvure
aiolsagqi oqipqsoyqMluoqhiqxi qtecriaqsoqsn?”

“SqhiaiyqSo'nqoiiqheefyqNux,qL cr--vuxbeqso'nqoleqa vbetqipquqli ne!”

“Giihx!yyyqAi,qOiv,qoluoqusa'oqsoyqSpqsoqsn,qsoqusa'oqsaqolsnqiae-litne
oimayqOlexqusa'oqaiqa vbetnqletey”

“Medd,qoluo'nqniyqDevveqolsarquqvsa oeyqLete--so'nqoleqa vbetqipqu
tiiv--saquqouketa,qxi qraim!”

“Il,qoluo'nqoleqotscr!qOlexqusa'oqiadxqomiqouketanyqMeqcuaqpsahqi o
w scry”

“Xi qnouxqlete,qL cr,qosddqSqcivey”

OivqmunqippquoqiaceyqLeqhshqaioqcuteqoiqlukeqL cr'nqcivfuaxqsaqf bdsc
fducenyqLeqmunqgiaeqludpquaqli tyqLeqpi ahqoluoqsaqoleqbenoqouketa,qAiy
2qluhqdiagqbeeaqicc fsehqbxquqxi agqdumxet,quahqmunqnosddqniqicc fsehy
Saqoleqdennqinoeaouosi nqli ne,qAiyq2qmunquqvxnoetxyqOleqouketa-reefet'n
xi agqniaqnushqsoqmunqrefoqdicrehquddqoleqosve,quahqleqaeketqnumquaxbihx
giqsaoiqsoqitqciveqi oqipqsoqejcefoquoqasglo;qleqhshqaioqraimquax
futosc dutqteuniaqpitqolsnqnouoeqipqolsagn;qluhqluhqniveqdsoode
c tsinsox,qb oqsoqmunqtuoletqpeebde;qluhqvuheqoleqvinoqipqoleqvxnoetx
bxqeaoetousasagqlsvnedpqmsolqoleqsheuqoluoqoluoqtiivqmunq“lu'aoeh”;qluh
aioscehqoluoqoleteqmunquqdsgloqsaqoleteqoleqasgloqbepitey

“Oluo'nqmluoqS'keqpi ahqi o,qL cryqSqtecriaqoluo'nqoleqketxqAiyq2qme'te
upoety”

“Sqtecriaqsoqsn,qOivyqAimqmluoqxi qgisagqoiqhi?”

“Devveqolsary”

Oivqoli gloquqdiagqosveyqOleaqleqnush:

“S'ddqoeddqxi yqOleqbucrqhiitqipqoluoqAiyq2qsnqoleqhiitqoluoqcivenqi o
saoiqoluoqdsoodeqcdinequddexqbeomeeaqoleqouketaquahqoleqidhqtuoodeqotuf
ipquqbtscrqnoiteyqAimqxi qgeoqlidhqipquddqoleqhiitrexnqxi qcuaqpsah,quah
S'ddqasfquddqipqu aose'n,quahqoleqpstnoqhutrqasgloqme'ddqgiqoletequah
otxq'evyqUahqvsahqxi ,qreefquqdiiri oqpitqSaz aqZie,qbecu neqleqnushqle
munqgisagqoiqhtifqsaoiqoimaquahqnfxquti ahqiaceqviteqpitquqcluaceqoiqgeo
lsnqtekeageyqSpqxi qneeqlsv,qxi qz noqpiddimqlsv;quahqspqleqhia'oqgiqoi
oluoqAiyq2,qoluoqusa'oqoleqfducey”

“Dithx,qSqhia'oqmuaoqoiqpiddetqlsvqbxqvxnedp!”

“Mlx,qso'ddqbeqasglo,qn teyqLeqvsgloa'oqeketqneeqxi --uahqspqleqhsh,
vuxbeqle'hqaeketqolsarquaxolsagy”

“Medd,qspqso'nqfteooxqhutrqSqtecriaqS'ddqotucrqlsvyqSqhiai--SqhiaiyqS'dd
otxy”

“Xi qbeoqS'ddqpiddimqlsv,qspqso'nqhutr,qL cryqMlx,qleqvsgloq'u'qpi ah
i oqleqci dha'oqgeoqlsnqtekeage,quahqbeqgisagqtsgloqupoetqoluoqviaexy”

“So'nqni,qOiv,qso'nqniyqS'ddqpiddetqlsv;qSqmsdd,qbxqzsagien!”

“Aimqxi 'teq_oudrsag_!qHia'oqxi qeketqmeurea,qL cr,quahqSqmia'oy”




CLUFOETqJJKSSS

OLUOqasgloqOivquahqL crqmeteqteuhxqpitqolestquhkeao teyqOlexql agqubi o
oleqaesglbitliihqipqoleqouketaq aosdqupoetqasae,qiaeqmuoclsagqolequddex
uoquqhsnouacequahqoleqioletqoleqouketaqhiityqAibihxqeaoetehqolequddexqit
depoqso;qaibihxqtenevbdsagqoleqNfuasuthqeaoetehqitqdepoqoleqouketa
hiityqOleqasgloqftivsnehqoiqbequqpustqiae;qniqOivqmeaoqliveqmsolqole
 ahetnouahsagqoluoqspquqcianshetubdeqhegteeqipqhutraennqcuveqia,qL cr
munqoiqcivequahq“vuim,”qmlete fiaqleqmi dhqndsfqi oquahqotxqoleqrexny
B oqoleqasgloqtevusaehqcdeut,quahqL crqcdinehqlsnqmuoclquahqteostehqoi
behqsaquaqevfoxqn gutqlignleuhqubi oqomedkey

O enhuxqoleqbixnqluhqoleqnuveqsddqd cryqUdniqMehaenhuxyqB oqOl tnhux
asgloqftivsnehqbeooetyqOivqndsffehqi oqsaqgiihqneuniaqmsolqlsnqu ao'n
idhqosaqduaoeta,quahquqdutgeqoimedqoiqbdsahpidhqsoqmsolyqLeqlshqole
duaoetaqsaqL cr'nqn gutqlignleuhquahqoleqmuoclqbeguayqUaqli tqbepite
vshasgloqoleqouketaqcdinehq fquahqsonqdsglonq(oleqiadxqiaenqoleteubi on)
meteqf oqi oyqAiqNfuasuthqluhqbeeaqneeayqAibihxqluhqeaoetehqitqdepoqole
uddexyqEketxolsagqmunqu nfscsi nyqOleqbducraennqipqhutraennqtesgaeh,
oleqfetpecoqnosddaennqmunqsaoett foehqiadxqbxqiccunsiaudqv ooetsagnqip
hsnouaoqol ahety

Oivqgioqlsnqduaoeta,qdsoqsoqsaqoleqlignleuh,qmtuffehqsoqcdinedxqsaqole
oimed,quahqoleqomiquhkeao tetnqctefoqsaqoleqgdiivqoimuthqoleqouketay
L crqnoiihqneaotxquahqOivqpedoqlsnqmuxqsaoiqolequddexyqOleaqoleteqmun
uqneuniaqipqmusosagquajseoxqoluoqmesglehq fiaqL cr'nqnfstsonqdsrequ
vi aousayqLeqbeguaqoiqmsnlqleqci dhqneequqpdunlqptivqoleqduaoeta--so
mi dhqptsgloeaqlsv,qb oqsoqmi dhquoqdeunoqoeddqlsvqoluoqOivqmunqudske
xeoyqSoqneevehqli tnqnsaceqOivqluhqhsnuffeutehyqN tedxqleqv noqluke
pusaoeh;qvuxbeqleqmunqheuh;qvuxbeqlsnqleutoqluhqb tnoq ahetqoettitquah
ejcsoeveaoyqSaqlsnq aeunsaennqL crqpi ahqlsvnedpqhtumsagqcdinet
uahqcdinetqoiqolequddex;qpeutsagquddqnitonqipqhteuhp dqolsagn,quah
viveaoutsdxqejfecosagqniveqcuounotifleqoiqluffeaqoluoqmi dhqourequmux
lsnqbteuolyqOleteqmunqaioqv clqoiqourequmux,qpitqleqneevehqiadxqubdeqoi
saludeqsoqbxqolsvbdep dn,quahqlsnqleutoqmi dhqniiaqmeutqsonedpqi o,qole
muxqsoqmunqbeuosagyqN hheadxqoleteqmunquqpdunlqipqdsgloquahqOivqcuve
oeutsagqbxqlsv:q“T a!”qnushqle;q“t a,qpitqxi tqdspe!”

Leqaeeha'oqlukeqtefeuoehqso;qiaceqmunqeai gl;qL crqmunqvursagqolstoxqit
pitoxqvsdenquaqli tqbepiteqoleqtefeososiaqmunq ooetehyqOleqbixnqaeket
noiffehqosddqolexqteuclehqoleqnlehqipquqhenetoehqndu gloet-li nequoqole
dimetqeahqipqoleqksddugeyqZ noqunqolexqgioqmsolsaqsonqnledoetqoleqnoitv
b tnoquahqoleqtusaqfi tehqhimayqUnqniiaqunqOivqgioqlsnqbteuolqleqnush:

“L cr,qsoqmunqump d!qSqotsehqomiqipqoleqrexn,qz noqunqnipoqunqSqci dh;
b oqolexqneevehqoiqvureqn clquqfimetqipqtucreoqoluoqSqci dha'oqluthdx
geoqvxqbteuolqSqmunqniqncutehyqOlexqmi dha'oqo taqsaqoleqdicr,qesolety
Medd,qmsoli oqaioscsagqmluoqSqmunqhisag,qSqoiirqlidhqipqoleqraib,quah
ifeaqcivenqoleqhiit!qSoqmuta'oqdicreh!qSqliffehqsa,quahqnliirqippqole
oimed,quah,q_GteuoqCuenut'nqGlino!_”

“Mluo!--mluo'hqxi qnee,qOiv?”

“L cr,qSqvinoqnoeffehqiaoiqSaz aqZie'nqluah!”

“Ai!”

“Xen!qLeqmunqdxsagqolete,qni ahqundeefqiaqoleqpdiit,qmsolqlsnqidhqfuocl
iaqlsnqexequahqlsnqutvnqnfteuhqi oy”

“Dithx,qmluoqhshqxi qhi?qHshqleqmureq f?”

“Ai,qaeketqb hgehyqHt ar,qSqtecriayqSqz noqgtubbehqoluoqoimedquah
noutoeh!”

“S'hqaeketq'u'qoli gloqipqoleqoimed,qSqbeo!”

“Medd,qSqmi dhyqVxqu aoqmi dhqvureqveqvsgloxqnscrqspqSqdinoqsoy”

“Nux,qOiv,qhshqxi qneeqoluoqbij?”

“L cr,qSqhsha'oqmusoqoiqdiirquti ahyqSqhsha'oqneeqoleqbij,qSqhsha'oqnee
oleqctinnyqSqhsha'oqneequaxolsagqb oquqbioodequahquqosaqc fqiaqoleqpdiit
bxqSaz aqZie;qxen,qSqnumqomiqbuttednquahqdionqviteqbioodenqsaqoleqtiivy
Hia'oqxi qnee,qaim,qmluo'nqoleqvuooetqmsolqoluoqlu'aoehqtiiv?”

“Lim?”

“Mlx,qso'nqlu'aoehqmsolqmlsnrex!qVuxbeq_udd_qoleqOevfetuaceqOuketanqluke
gioquqlu'aoehqtiiv,qlex,qL cr?”

“Medd,qSqtecriaqvuxbeqoluo'nqniyqMli'hq'u'qoli gloqn clquqolsag?qB o
nux,qOiv,qaim'nquqvsgloxqgiihqosveqoiqgeoqoluoqbij,qspqSaz aqZie'n
ht ary”

“Soqsn,qoluo!qXi qotxqso!”

L crqnl hhetehy

“Medd,qai--Sqtecriaqaioy”

“UahqSqtecriaqaio,qL cryqIadxqiaeqbioodequdiagnsheqipqSaz aqZiequsa'o
eai glyqSpqolete'hqbeeaqoltee,qle'hqbeqht arqeai glquahqS'hqhiqsoy”

Oleteqmunquqdiagqfu neqpitqtepdecosia,quahqoleaqOivqnush:

“Diirxlete,qL cr,qdennqaioqotxqoluoqolsagquaxqviteqosddqmeqraimqSaz a
Zie'nqaioqsaqoleteyqSo'nqoiiqncutxyqAim,qspqmeqmuoclqeketxqasglo,qme'dd
beqheuhqn teqoiqneeqlsvqgiqi o,qniveqosveqitqiolet,quahqoleaqme'dd
nauoclqoluoqbijqw scret'aqdsgloasagy”

“Medd,qS'vqugteehyqS'ddqmuoclqoleqmlideqasgloqdiag,quahqS'ddqhiqsoqeketx
asglo,qoii,qspqxi 'ddqhiqoleqioletqfutoqipqoleqziby”

“Uddqtsglo,qSqmsddyqUddqxi qgioqoiqhiqsnqoiqotioq fqLiifetqNoteeoqu
bdicrquahqvuim--uahqspqS'vqundeef,qxi qoltimqniveqgtukedquoqoleqmsahim
uahqoluo'ddqpeoclqvey”

“Ugteeh,quahqgiihqunqmleuo!”

“Aim,qL cr,qoleqnoitv'nqiket,quahqS'ddqgiqliveyqSo'ddqbegsaqoiqbe
huxdsgloqsaquqci fdeqipqli tnyqXi qgiqbucrquahqmuoclqoluoqdiag,qmsdd
xi ?”

“SqnushqSqmi dh,qOiv,quahqSqmsddyqS'ddqlu'aoqoluoqouketaqeketxqasgloqpit
uqxeut!qS'ddqndeefquddqhuxquahqS'ddqnouahqmuoclquddqasgloy”

“Oluo'nquddqtsgloyqAim,qmleteqxi qgisagqoiqndeef?”

“SaqBeaqTigetn'qluxdipoyqLeqdeonqve,quahqniqhienqlsnqfuf'nqasggetqvua,
 acdeqZureyqSqoioeqmuoetqpitq acdeqZureqmleaeketqleqmuaonqveqoi,quahquax
osveqSqunrqlsvqleqgskenqvequqdsoodeqniveolsagqoiqeuoqspqleqcuaqnfuteqsoy
Oluo'nquqvsgloxqgiihqasgget,qOivyqLeqdsrenqve,qbec .qSqhia'oqeketqucoqun
spqSqmunqubikeqlsvyqNiveosveqS'keqneoqtsgloqhimaquahqeuoq_msol_qlsvyqB o
xi qaeeha'oqoeddqoluoyqUqbihx'nqgioqoiqhiqolsagnqmleaqle'nqump dql agtx
leqmi dha'oqmuaoqoiqhiqunquqnoeuhxqolsagy”

“Medd,qspqSqhia'oqmuaoqxi qsaqoleqhuxosve,qS'ddqdeoqxi qndeefyqSqmia'o
civeqbioletsagquti ahyqUaxqosveqxi qneeqniveolsag'nq f,qsaqoleqasglo,
z noqnrsfqtsgloquti ahquahqvuimy”




CLUFOETqJJSJ

OLEqpstnoqolsagqOivqleuthqiaqPtshuxqvitasagqmunquqgduhqfseceqip
aemn--Z hgeqOluoclet'nqpuvsdxqluhqciveqbucrqoiqoimaqoleqasgloqbepitey
BiolqSaz aqZiequahqoleqoteun teqn arqsaoiqneciahutxqsvfitouaceqpitqu
viveao,quahqBecrxqoiirqoleqclsepqfduceqsaqoleqbix'nqsaoetenoyqLeqnumqlet
uahqolexqluhquaqejlu nosagqgiihqosveqfduxsagq“lsnfx”quahq“g ddx-reefet”
qmsolquqctimhqipqolestqncliidvuoenyqOleqhuxqmunqcivfdeoehquahqctimaehqsa
uqfec dsutdxqnuosnpucoitxqmux:qBecrxqoeunehqletqvioletqoiquffisao
oleqaejoqhuxqpitqoleqdiag-ftivsnehquahqdiag-heduxehqfscasc,quahqnle
cianeaoehyqOleqclsdh'nqhedsgloqmunqbi ahdenn;quahqOiv'nqaioqvite
vihetuoeyqOleqsaksouosianqmeteqneaoqi oqbepiteqn aneo,quahqnotusglomux
oleqxi agqpidrnqipqoleqksddugeqmeteqoltimaqsaoiquqpeketqipqftefutuosia
uahqfdeun tubdequaoscsfuosiayqOiv'nqejcsoeveaoqeaubdehqlsvqoiqreef
umureq aosdquqfteooxqduoeqli t,quahqleqluhqgiihqlifenqipqleutsagqL cr'n
“vuim,”quahqipqluksagqlsnqoteun teqoiqunoiasnlqBecrxquahqoleqfscascretn
msol,qaejoqhux;qb oqleqmunqhsnuffisaoehyqAiqnsgaudqcuveqoluoqasgloy

Vitasagqcuve,qekeao uddx,quahqbxqoeaqitqedekeaqi'cdicrquqgshhxquah
tiddscrsagqcivfuaxqmeteqguoletehquoqZ hgeqOluoclet'n,quahqeketxolsagqmun
teuhxqpitquqnoutoyqSoqmunqaioqoleqc noivqpitqedhetdxqfeifdeqoiqvutqole
fscascnqmsolqolestqfteneaceyqOleqclsdhteaqmeteqcianshetehqnupeqeai gl
 ahetqoleqmsagnqipquqpemqxi agqduhsenqipqesgloeeaquahquqpemqxi ag
geaodeveaqipqomeaox-olteeqitqoleteubi onyqOleqidhqnoeuvqpettx-biuoqmun
clutoetehqpitqoleqiccunsia;qfteneaodxqoleqguxqoltiagqpsdehq fqoleqvusa
noteeoqduheaqmsolqftiksnsia-bunreonyqNshqmunqnscrquahqluhqoiqvsnn
oleqp a;qVutxqtevusaehquoqliveqoiqeaoetousaqlsvyqOleqdunoqolsagqVtny
OluocletqnushqoiqBecrx,qmun:

“Xi 'ddqaioqgeoqbucrqosddqduoeyqFetlufnqxi 'hqbeooetqnouxquddqasgloqmsol
niveqipqoleqgstdnqoluoqdskeqaeutqoleqpettx-duahsag,qclsdhy”

“OleaqS'ddqnouxqmsolqN nxqLutfet,qvuvvuy”

“KetxqmeddyqUahqvsahquahqbelukeqxi tnedpquahqhia'oqbequaxqoti bdey”

Fteneaodx,qunqolexqotsffehqudiag,qOivqnushqoiqBecrx:

“Nux--S'ddqoeddqxi qmluoqme'ddqhiyq'NoeuhqipqgisagqoiqZieqLutfet'nqme'dd
cdsvbqtsgloq fqoleqlsddquahqnoifquoqoleqMshimqHi gdun'yqNle'ddqluke
sce-cteuv!qNleqlunqsoqvinoqeketxqhux--heuhqdiuhnqipqsoyqUahqnle'ddqbe
ump dqgduhqoiqlukeq ny”

“Il,qoluoqmsddqbeqp a!”

OleaqBecrxqtepdecoehquqviveaoquahqnush:

“B oqmluoqmsddqvuvvuqnux?”

“Lim'ddqnleqeketqraim?”

Oleqgstdqo taehqoleqsheuqiketqsaqletqvsah,quahqnushqted couaodx:

“Sqtecriaqso'nqmtiag--b o--”

“B oqnl crn!qXi tqvioletqmia'oqraim,quahqniqmluo'nqoleqlutv?qUddqnle
muaonqsnqoluoqxi 'ddqbeqnupe;quahqSqbeoqxi qnle'hq'u'qnushqgiqoleteqsp
nle'hq'u'qoli gloqipqsoyqSqraimqnleqmi dh!”

OleqMshimqHi gdun'qnfdeahshqlinfsoudsoxqmunquqoevfosagqbusoyqSoquah
Oiv'nqfetn unsianqfteneaodxqcuttsehqoleqhuxyqNiqsoqmunqhecshehqoiqnux
aiolsagqoiquaxbihxqubi oqoleqasglo'nqftigtuvveyqFteneaodxqsoqicc ttehqoi
OivqoluoqvuxbeqL crqvsgloqciveqolsnqketxqasgloquahqgskeqoleqnsgaudyqOle
oli gloqoiirquqheudqipqoleqnfstsoqi oqipqlsnquaoscsfuosianyqNosddqle
ci dhqaioqbeutqoiqgskeq fqoleqp aquoqMshimqHi gdun'yqUahqmlxqnli dhqle
gskeqsoq f,qleqteuniaeh--oleqnsgaudqhshqaioqciveqoleqasgloqbepite,qni
mlxqnli dhqsoqbequaxqviteqdsredxqoiqciveqoiasglo?qOleqn teqp aqipqole
ekeasagqi omesglehqoleq acetousaqoteun te;quah,qbix-dsre,qleqheoetvsaeh
oiqxsedhqoiqoleqnotiagetqsacdsauosiaquahqaioquddimqlsvnedpqoiqolsarqip
oleqbijqipqviaexquaioletqosveqoluoqhuxy

Olteeqvsdenqbedimqoimaqoleqpettxbiuoqnoiffehquoqoleqvi olqipquqmiihx
liddimquahqosehq fyqOleqctimhqnmutvehqunlitequahqniiaqoleqpiteno
hsnouacenquahqctuggxqlesglonqecliehqputquahqaeutqmsolqnli osagnquah
du gloetyqUddqoleqhsppeteaoqmuxnqipqgeoosagqlioquahqostehqmeteqgiae
olti glqmsol,quahqbx-uah-bxqoleqtiketnqnotuggdehqbucrqoiqcuvfqpitospseh
msolqtenfiansbdequffeosoen,quahqoleaqoleqhenot cosiaqipqoleqgiihqolsagn
beguayqUpoetqoleqpeunoqoleteqmunquqteptenlsagqneuniaqipqtenoquahqcluoqsa
oleqnluheqipqnfteuhsagqiurnyqBx-uah-bxqnivebihxqnli oeh:

“Mli'nqteuhxqpitqoleqcuke?”

EketxbihxqmunyqB ahdenqipqcuahdenqmeteqftic teh,quahqnotusglomuxqolete
munquqgeaetudqncuvfetq fqoleqlsddyqOleqvi olqipqoleqcukeqmunq fqole
lsddnshe--uaqifeasagqnlufehqdsrequqdeooetqUyqSonqvunnskeqiureaqhiitqnoiih
 abuttehyqMsolsaqmunquqnvuddqcluvbet,qclsddxqunquaqsceli ne,quahqmuddeh
bxqAuo teqmsolqnidshqdsvenoiaeqoluoqmunqhemxqmsolquqcidhqnmeuoyqSoqmun
tivuaoscquahqvxnoetsi nqoiqnouahqleteqsaqoleqheefqgdiivquahqdiirqi o
 fiaqoleqgteeaqkuddexqnlsasagqsaqoleqn ayqB oqoleqsvftennskeaennqipqole
nso uosiaqw scrdxqmiteqipp,quahqoleqtivfsagqbeguaqugusayqOleqviveao
uqcuahdeqmunqdsgloehqoleteqmunquqgeaetudqt nlq fiaqoleqimaetqipqso;qu
not ggdequahquqgudduaoqhepeaceqpiddimeh,qb oqoleqcuahdeqmunqniiaqraicreh
himaqitqbdimaqi o,quahqoleaqoleteqmunquqgduhqcduvitqipqdu gloetquahqu
aemqcluneyqB oquddqolsagnqlukequaqeahyqBx-uah-bxqoleqfticennsiaqmeao
psdsagqhimaqoleqnoeefqhenceaoqipqoleqvusaqukea e,qoleqpdscretsagqtuarqip
dsglonqhsvdxqtekeudsagqoleqdipoxqmuddnqipqticrqudvinoqoiqolestqfisaoqip
z acosiaqnsjoxqpeeoqiketleuhyqOlsnqvusaqukea eqmunqaioqviteqolua
esgloqitqoeaqpeeoqmsheyqEketxqpemqnoefnqioletqdipoxquahqnosddqauttimet
ctekscenqbtuaclehqptivqsoqiaqesoletqluah--pitqVcHi gud'nqcukeqmunqb oqu
kunoqdubxtsaolqipqctiirehqusndenqoluoqtuaqsaoiqeuclqioletquahqi oqugusa
uahqdehqaimleteyqSoqmunqnushqoluoqiaeqvsgloqmuahetqhuxnquahqasglon
oigeoletqolti glqsonqsaotscuoeqouagdeqipqtsponquahqclunvn,quahqaeket
psahqoleqeahqipqoleqcuke;quahqoluoqleqvsgloqgiqhima,quahqhima,quah
nosddqhima,qsaoiqoleqeutol,quahqsoqmunqz noqoleqnuve--dubxtsaolq ahet
dubxtsaol,quahqaiqeahqoiquaxqipqolevyqAiqvuaq“raem”qoleqcukeyqOluoqmun
uaqsvfinnsbdeqolsagyqVinoqipqoleqxi agqveaqraemquqfitosiaqipqso,quahqso
munqaioqc noivutxqoiqkeao teqv clqbexiahqolsnqraimaqfitosiayqOivqNumxet
raemqunqv clqipqoleqcukequnquaxqiaey

Oleqfticennsiaqvikehqudiagqoleqvusaqukea eqniveqoltee-w utoetnqip
uqvsde,quahqoleaqgti fnquahqci fdenqbeguaqoiqndsfqunsheqsaoiqbtuacl
ukea en,qpdxqudiagqoleqhsnvudqcittshitn,quahqoureqeuclqioletqbxqn tftsne
uoqfisaonqmleteqoleqcittshitnqzisaehqugusayqFutosenqmetequbdeqoiqed he
euclqioletqpitqoleqnfuceqipqludpquaqli tqmsoli oqgisagqbexiahqole
“raima”qgti ahy

Bx-uah-bx,qiaeqgti fqupoetquaioletqcuveqnotuggdsagqbucrqoiqoleqvi ol
ipqoleqcuke,qfuaosag,qlsdutsi n,qnveutehqptivqleuhqoiqpiioqmsolqouddim
htsffsagn,qhu behqmsolqcdux,quahqeaostedxqhedsgloehqmsolqoleqn ccennqip
oleqhuxyqOleaqolexqmetequnoiasnlehqoiqpsahqoluoqolexqluhqbeeaqoursag
aiqaioeqipqosvequahqoluoqasgloqmunqubi oquoqluahyqOleqcduagsagqbeddqluh
beeaqcuddsagqpitqludpquaqli tyqLimeket,qolsnqnitoqipqcdineqoiqoleqhux'n
uhkeao tenqmunqtivuaoscquahqoletepiteqnuosnpucoitxyqMleaqoleqpettxbiuo
msolqletqmsdhqptesgloqf nlehqsaoiqoleqnoteuv,qaibihxqcutehqnsjfeaceqpit
oleqmunoehqosveqb oqoleqcufousaqipqoleqctupoy

L crqmunqudteuhxq fiaqlsnqmuoclqmleaqoleqpettxbiuo'nqdsglonqmeao
gdsaosagqfunoqoleqmlutpyqLeqleuthqaiqaisneqiaqbiuth,qpitqoleqxi ag
feifdeqmetequnqn bh ehquahqnosddqunqfeifdeq n uddxquteqmliquteqaeutdx
ostehqoiqheuolyqLeqmiahetehqmluoqbiuoqsoqmun,quahqmlxqnleqhshqaio
noifquoqoleqmlutp--uahqoleaqleqhtiffehqletqi oqipqlsnqvsahquahqf oqlsn
uooeaosiaq fiaqlsnqb nsaennyqOleqasgloqmunqgtimsagqcdi hxquahqhutryqOea
i'cdicrqcuve,quahqoleqaisneqipqkelscdenqceuneh,qncuooetehqdsglonqbegua
oiqmsarqi o,quddqnotuggdsagqpiio-funneagetnqhsnuffeuteh,qoleqksdduge
beoiirqsonedpqoiqsonqnd vbetnquahqdepoqoleqnvuddqmuocletqudiaeqmsolqole
nsdeacequahqoleqglinonyqEdekeaqi'cdicrqcuve,quahqoleqouketaqdsglonqmete
f oqi o;qhutraennqeketxmlete,qaimyqL crqmusoehqmluoqneevehquqmeutxqdiag
osve,qb oqaiolsagqluffeaehyqLsnqpusolqmunqmeureasagyqMunqoletequaxq ne?
Munqoleteqteuddxquaxq ne?qMlxqaioqgskeqsoq fquahqo taqsa?

Uqaisneqpeddq fiaqlsnqeutyqLeqmunquddquooeaosiaqsaquaqsanouaoyqOlequddex
hiitqcdinehqnipodxyqLeqnftuagqoiqoleqcitaetqipqoleqbtscrqnoiteyqOleqaejo
viveaoqomiqveaqbt nlehqbxqlsv,quahqiaeqneevehqoiqlukeqniveolsagq ahet
lsnqutvyqSoqv noqbeqoluoqbij!qNiqolexqmeteqgisagqoiqtevikeqoleqoteun tey
MlxqcuddqOivqaim?qSoqmi dhqbequbn th--oleqveaqmi dhqgeoqumuxqmsolqoleqbij
uahqaeketqbeqpi ahqugusayqAi,qleqmi dhqnoscrqoiqolestqmurequahqpiddim
olev;qleqmi dhqot noqoiqoleqhutraennqpitqnec tsoxqptivqhsnciketxyqNi
civv asagqmsolqlsvnedp,qL crqnoeffehqi oquahqgdshehqudiagqbelsahqole
vea,qcuo-dsre,qmsolqbuteqpeeo,quddimsagqolevqoiqreefqz noqputqeai gl
uleuhqaioqoiqbeqsaksnsbdey

Olexqvikehq fqoleqtsketqnoteeoqolteeqbdicrn,qoleaqo taehqoiqoleqdepoq f
uqctinnnoteeoyqOlexqmeaoqnotusgloquleuh,qolea,q aosdqolexqcuveqoiqole
fuolqoluoqdehq fqCuthsppqLsdd;qolsnqolexqoiiryqOlexqfunnehqbxqoleqidh
Mednlvua'nqli ne,qludpmuxq fqoleqlsdd,qmsoli oqlensouosag,quahqnosdd
cdsvbehq fmuthyqGiih,qoli gloqL cr,qolexqmsddqb txqsoqsaqoleqidhqw uttxy
B oqolexqaeketqnoiffehquoqoleqw uttxyqOlexqfunnehqia,q fqoleqn vvsoy
Olexqfd agehqsaoiqoleqauttimqfuolqbeomeeaqoleqouddqn vuclqb nlen,quah
metequoqiaceqlshheaqsaqoleqgdiivyqL crqcdinehq fquahqnlitoeaehqlsn
hsnouace,qaim,qpitqolexqmi dhqaeketqbequbdeqoiqneeqlsvyqLeqotiooehqudiag
umlsde;qoleaqnducreaehqlsnqfuce,qpeutsagqleqmunqgusasagqoiiqpuno;qvikeh
iaquqfsece,qoleaqnoiffehqudoigeolet;qdsnoeaeh;qaiqni ah;qaiae,qnukeqoluo
leqneevehqoiqleutqoleqbeuosagqipqlsnqimaqleutoyqOleqliiosagqipqua
imdqcuveqiketqoleqlsdd--ivsai nqni ah!qB oqaiqpiionoefnyqLeukean,qmun
eketxolsagqdino!qLeqmunqubi oqoiqnftsagqmsolqmsagehqpeeo,qmleaquqvua
cdeutehqlsnqoltiuoqaioqpi tqpeeoqptivqlsv!qL cr'nqleutoqnlioqsaoiqlsn
oltiuo,qb oqleqnmuddimehqsoqugusa;quahqoleaqleqnoiihqoleteqnlursagqun
spquqhi.eaqug enqluhqoureaqclutgeqipqlsvquoqiace,quahqniqmeurqoluoqle
oli gloqleqv noqn tedxqpuddqoiqoleqgti ahyqLeqraemqmleteqleqmunyqLe
raemqleqmunqmsolsaqpskeqnoefnqipqoleqnosdeqdeuhsagqsaoiqMshimqHi gdun'
gti ahnyqKetxqmedd,qleqoli glo,qdeoqolevqb txqsoqolete;qsoqmia'oqbeqluth
oiqpsahy

Aimqoleteqmunquqkisce--uqketxqdimqkisce--Saz aqZie'n:

“Huvaqlet,qvuxbeqnle'nqgioqcivfuax--olete'nqdsglon,qduoequnqsoqsny”

“Sqcua'oqneequaxy”

Olsnqmunqoluoqnotuaget'nqkisce--oleqnotuagetqipqoleqlu aoehqli neyqU
heuhdxqclsddqmeaoqoiqL cr'nqleuto--olsn,qolea,qmunqoleq“tekeage”qzib!qLsn
oli gloqmun,qoiqpdxyqOleaqleqtevevbetehqoluoqoleqMshimqHi gdunqluhqbeea
rsahqoiqlsvqviteqoluaqiace,quahqvuxbeqoleneqveaqmeteqgisagqoiqv thet
letyqLeqmsnlehqleqhutehqkeao teqoiqmutaqlet;qb oqleqraemqleqhsha'o
hute--olexqvsgloqcivequahqcuoclqlsvyqLeqoli gloquddqolsnquahqviteqsa
oleqviveaoqoluoqedufnehqbeomeeaqoleqnotuaget'nqtevutrquahqSaz aqZie'n
aejo--mlsclqmun--

“Becu neqoleqb nlqsnqsaqxi tqmuxyqAim--olsnqmux--aimqxi qnee,qhia'oqxi ?”

“XenyqMedd,qoleteq_sn_qcivfuaxqolete,qSqtecriayqBeooetqgskeqsoq fy”

“Gskeqsoq f,quahqSqz noqdeuksagqolsnqci aotxqpiteket!qGskeqsoq fquah
vuxbeqaeketqlukequaioletqcluaceyqSqoeddqxi qugusa,qunqS'keqoidhqxi 
bepite,qSqhia'oqcuteqpitqletqnmug--xi qvuxqlukeqsoyqB oqletql nbuahqmun
ti glqiaqve--vuaxqosvenqleqmunqti glqiaqve--uahqvusadxqleqmunqoleqz nosce
ipqoleqfeuceqoluoqz ggehqveqpitquqkugtuaoyqUahqoluoqusa'oquddyqSoqusa'o
uqvsddsiaolqfutoqipqso!qLeqluhqveq_litnemlsffeh_!--litnemlsffehqsa
ptiaoqipqoleqzusd,qdsrequqasgget!--msolquddqoleqoimaqdiirsagqia!
_Litnemlsffeh_!--hiqxi q ahetnouah?qLeqoiirquhkuaougeqipqvequahqhsehyqB o
S'ddqoureqsoqi oqipq_let_y”

“Il,qhia'oqrsddqlet!qHia'oqhiqoluo!”

“Rsdd?qMliqnushquaxolsagqubi oqrsddsag?qSqmi dhqrsddq_lsv_qspqleqmun
lete;qb oqaioqletyqMleaqxi qmuaoqoiqgeoqtekeageqiaquqmivuaqxi qhia'o
rsddqlet--binl!qxi qgiqpitqletqdiirnyqXi qndsoqletqainotsdn--xi qaioclqlet
eutnqdsrequqnim!”

“BxqGih,qoluo'n--”

“Reefqxi tqifsasiaqoiqxi tnedp!qSoqmsddqbeqnupenoqpitqxi yqS'ddqoseqlet
oiqoleqbehyqSpqnleqbdeehnqoiqheuol,qsnqoluoqvxqpu do?qS'ddqaioqctx,qsp
nleqhienyqVxqptseah,qxi 'ddqledfqveqsaqolsnqolsag--pitq_vx_qnure--oluo'n
mlxqxi 'teqlete--Sqvsgloa'oqbequbdequdiaeyqSpqxi qpdsacl,qS'ddqrsddqxi y
Hiqxi q ahetnouahqoluo?qUahqspqSqlukeqoiqrsddqxi ,qS'ddqrsddqlet--uah
oleaqSqtecriaqaibihx'ddqeketqraimqv clqubi oqmliqhiaeqolsnqb nsaenny”

“Medd,qspqso'nqgioqoiqbeqhiae,qdeo'nqgeoquoqsoyqOleqw scretqole
beooet--S'vquddqsaquqnlskety”

“Hiqsoq_aim_?qUahqcivfuaxqolete?qDiirqlete--S'ddqgeoqn nfscsi nqipqxi ,
pstnoqolsagqxi qraimyqAi--me'ddqmusoqosddqoleqdsglonquteqi o--olete'nqai
l ttxy”

L crqpedoqoluoquqnsdeaceqmunqgisagqoiqean e--uqolsagqnosddqviteqump d
oluaquaxquvi aoqipqv theti nqoudr;qniqleqledhqlsnqbteuolquahqnoeffeh
gsagetdxqbucr;qfduaoehqlsnqpiioqcutep ddxquahqpstvdx,qupoetqbuduacsag,
iae-deggeh,qsaquqftecutsi nqmuxquahqudvinoqoiffdsagqiket,qpstnoqiaqiae
nshequahqoleaqiaqoleqioletyqLeqoiirquaioletqnoefqbucr,qmsolqoleqnuve
edubituosiaquahqoleqnuveqtsnrn;qoleaquaioletquahquaiolet,quah--uqomsg
nauffehq ahetqlsnqpiio!qLsnqbteuolqnoiffehquahqleqdsnoeaehyqOleteqmunqai
ni ah--oleqnosddaennqmunqfetpecoyqLsnqgtuoso heqmunqveun tedennyqAimqle
o taehqsaqlsnqotucrn,qbeomeeaqoleqmuddnqipqn vuclqb nlen--o taeh
lsvnedpqunqcutep ddxqunqspqleqmetequqnlsf--uahqoleaqnoeffehqw scrdxqb o
cu osi ndxqudiagyqMleaqleqevetgehquoqoleqw uttxqleqpedoqnec te,quah
niqleqfscrehq fqlsnqasvbdeqleednquahqpdemyqHima,qhimaqleqnfeh,qosddqle
teuclehqoleqMednlvua'nyqLeqbuagehquoqoleqhiit,quahqfteneaodxqoleqleuhn
ipqoleqidhqvuaquahqlsnqomiqnoudmutoqnianqmeteqolt noqptivqmsahimny

“Mluo'nqoleqtimqolete?qMli'nqbuagsag?qMluoqhiqxi qmuao?”

“Deoqveqsa--w scr!qS'ddqoeddqeketxolsagy”

“Mlx,qmliquteqxi ?”

“L crdebettxqPsaa--w scr,qdeoqveqsa!”

“L crdebettxqPsaa,qsaheeh!qSoqusa'oquqauveqoiqifeaqvuaxqhiitn,qSqz hge!
B oqdeoqlsvqsa,qduhn,quahqdeo'nqneeqmluo'nqoleqoti bdey”

“Fdeuneqhia'oqeketqoeddqSqoidhqxi ,”qmeteqL cr'nqpstnoqmithnqmleaqleqgio
sayq“Fdeuneqhia'o--S'hqbeqrsddeh,qn te--b oqoleqmshim'nqbeeaqgiihqptseahn
oiqveqniveosven,quahqSqmuaoqoiqoedd--Sq_msdd_qoeddqspqxi 'ddqftivsneqxi 
mia'oqeketqnuxqsoqmunqvey”

“BxqGeitge,qleq_lun_qgioqniveolsagqoiqoedd,qitqleqmi dha'oqucoqni!”
qejcdusvehqoleqidhqvua;q“i oqmsolqsoquahqaibihxqlete'ddqeketqoedd,qduhy”

Olteeqvsa oenqduoetqoleqidhqvuaquahqlsnqnian,qmeddqutveh,qmeteq fqole
lsdd,quahqz noqeaoetsagqoleqn vuclqfuolqiaqosfoie,qolestqmeufianqsa
olestqluahnyqL crquccivfuasehqolevqaiqp toletyqLeqlshqbelsahquqgteuo
bimdhetquahqpeddqoiqdsnoeasagyqOleteqmunquqduggsag,quajsi nqnsdeace,quah
oleaquddqipquqn hheaqoleteqmunquaqejfdinsiaqipqpsteutvnquahquqctxy

L crqmusoehqpitqaiqfutosc dutnyqLeqnftuagqumuxquahqnfehqhimaqoleqlsddqun
punoqunqlsnqdegnqci dhqcuttxqlsvy




CLUFOETqJJJ

UNqoleqeutdsenoqn nfscsiaqipqhumaquffeutehqiaqN ahuxqvitasag,qL crqcuve
gtifsagq fqoleqlsddquahqtuffehqgeaodxquoqoleqidhqMednlvua'nqhiityqOle
savuoenqmetequndeef,qb oqsoqmunquqndeefqoluoqmunqneoqiaquqlust-otsgget,
iaqucci aoqipqoleqejcsosagqefsniheqipqoleqasgloyqUqcuddqcuveqptivqu
msahim:

“Mli'nqolete!”

L cr'nqncutehqkiscequanmetehqsaquqdimqoiae:

“Fdeuneqdeoqveqsa!qSo'nqiadxqL crqPsaa!”

“So'nquqauveqoluoqcuaqifeaqolsnqhiitqasgloqitqhux,qduh!--uahqmedcive!”

Oleneqmeteqnotuageqmithnqoiqoleqkugubiahqbix'nqeutn,quahqoleqfdeunuaoeno
leqluhqeketqleuthyqLeqci dhqaioqteciddecoqoluoqoleqcdinsagqmithqluhqeket
beeaquffdsehqsaqlsnqcuneqbepiteyqOleqhiitqmunqw scrdxq adicreh,quahqle
eaoetehyqL crqmunqgskeaquqneuoquahqoleqidhqvuaquahqlsnqbtuceqipqoudd
nianqnfeehsdxqhtennehqolevnedkeny

“Aim,qvxqbix,qSqlifeqxi 'teqgiihquahql agtx,qbecu neqbteurpunoqmsddqbe
teuhxqunqniiaqunqoleqn a'nq f,quahqme'ddqlukequqfsfsagqlioqiae,qoii--vure
xi tnedpqeunxqubi oqoluo!qSquahqoleqbixnqlifehqxi 'hqo taq fquahqnoif
leteqdunoqasgloy”

“Sqmunqump dqncuteh,”qnushqL cr,q“uahqSqt ayqSqoiirqi oqmleaqoleqfsnoidn
meaoqipp,quahqSqhsha'oqnoifqpitqolteeqvsdeyqS'keqciveqaimqbec .qSqmuaoeh
oiqraimqubi oqso,qxi qraim;quahqSqciveqbepiteqhuxdsgloqbec .qSqhsha'o
muaoqoiqt aquctinnqolevqheksdn,qekeaqspqolexqmunqheuhy”

“Medd,qfiitqcluf,qxi qhiqdiirqunqspqxi 'hqluhquqluthqasgloqipqso--b o
olete'nquqbehqleteqpitqxi qmleaqxi 'keqluhqxi tqbteurpunoyqAi,qolex
usa'oqheuh,qduh--mequteqnittxqeai glqpitqoluoyqXi qneeqmeqraemqtsglo
mleteqoiqf oqi tqluahnqiaqolev,qbxqxi tqhenctsfosia;qniqmeqctefoqudiag
iaqosfoieqosddqmeqgioqmsolsaqpspoeeaqpeeoqipqolev--hutrqunquqceddutqoluo
n vuclqfuolqmun--uahqz noqoleaqSqpi ahqSqmunqgisagqoiqnaee.eyqSoqmunqole
veuaenoqrsahqipqd cr!qSqotsehqoiqreefqsoqbucr,qb oqaiq ne--'omunqbi ahqoi
cive,quahqsoqhshqcive!qSqmunqsaqoleqdeuhqmsolqvxqfsnoidqtusneh,quahqmlea
oleqnaee.eqnoutoehqolineqnci ahtednqu-t nodsagqoiqgeoqi oqipqoleqfuol,
Sqn agqi o,q'Psteqbixn!'quahqbdu.ehqumuxquoqoleqfduceqmleteqoleqt nodsag
munyqNiqhshqoleqbixnyqB oqolexqmeteqippqsaquqzsppx,qolineqksddusan,quah
mequpoetqolev,qhimaqolti glqoleqmiihnyqSqz hgeqmeqaeketqoi clehqolevy
Olexqpstehquqnlioqufsecequnqolexqnoutoeh,qb oqolestqb ddeonqmls..ehqbx
uahqhsha'oqhiq nquaxqlutvyqUnqniiaqunqmeqdinoqoleqni ahqipqolestqpeeo
meqw soqclunsag,quahqmeaoqhimaquahqnosttehq fqoleqcianoubdenyqOlexqgioqu
finneqoigeolet,quahqmeaoqippqoiqg uthqoleqtsketqbuar,quahqunqniiaqunqso
snqdsgloqoleqnletsppquahquqguagquteqgisagqoiqbeuoq fqoleqmiihnyqVxqbixn
msddqbeqmsolqolevqfteneaodxyqSqmsnlqmeqluhqniveqnitoqipqhenctsfosiaqip
olineqtuncudn--'omi dhqledfquqgiihqheudyqB oqxi qci dha'oqneeqmluoqolex
meteqdsre,qsaqoleqhutr,qduh,qSqn ffine?”

“Ilqxen;qSqnumqolevqhimaoimaquahqpiddetehqolevy”

“Nfdeahsh!qHenctsbeqolev--henctsbeqolev,qvxqbix!”

“Iae'nqoleqidhqheupquahqh vbqNfuasuthqoluo'nqbeaquti ahqleteqiaceqit
omsce,quahqo'iolet'nquqveua-diirsag,qtuggeh--”

“Oluo'nqeai gl,qduh,qmeqraimqoleqvea!qLuffeaehqiaqolevqsaqoleqmiihnqbucr
ipqoleqmshim'nqiaeqhux,quahqolexqnd arqumuxyqIppqmsolqxi ,qbixn,quah
oeddqoleqnletspp--geoqxi tqbteurpunoqoivittimqvitasag!”

OleqMednlvua'nqnianqhefutoehquoqiaceyqUnqolexqmeteqdeuksagqoleqtiivqL cr
nftuagq fquahqejcdusveh:

“Il,qfdeuneqhia'oqoeddq_uax_bihxqsoqmunqveqoluoqbdimehqiaqolev!qIl,
fdeune!”

“Uddqtsgloqspqxi qnuxqso,qL cr,qb oqxi qi gloqoiqlukeqoleqctehsoqipqmluo
xi qhshy”

“Ilqai,qai!qFdeuneqhia'oqoedd!”

Mleaqoleqxi agqveaqmeteqgiae,qoleqidhqMednlvuaqnush:

“Olexqmia'oqoedd--uahqSqmia'oyqB oqmlxqhia'oqxi qmuaoqsoqraima?”

L crqmi dhqaioqejfdusa,qp toletqoluaqoiqnuxqoluoqlequdteuhxqraemqoii
v clqubi oqiaeqipqolineqveaquahqmi dhqaioqlukeqoleqvuaqraimqoluoqleqraem
uaxolsagqugusanoqlsvqpitqoleqmlideqmitdh--leqmi dhqbeqrsddehqpitqraimsag
so,qn tey

Oleqidhqvuaqftivsnehqnectecxqiaceqvite,quahqnush:

“Limqhshqxi qciveqoiqpiddimqoleneqpeddimn,qduh?qMeteqolexqdiirsag
n nfscsi n?”

L crqmunqnsdeaoqmlsdeqleqptuvehquqh dxqcu osi nqtefdxyqOleaqleqnush:

“Medd,qxi qnee,qS'vquqrsahqipquqluthqdio,--deunoqeketxbihxqnuxnqni,quah
Sqhia'oqneeqaiolsagqugsaqso--uahqniveosvenqSqcua'oqndeefqv cl,qiaqucci ao
ipqolsarsagqubi oqsoquahqnitoqipqotxsagqoiqnotsreqi oquqaemqmuxqip
hisagyqOluoqmunqoleqmuxqipqsoqdunoqasgloyqSqci dha'oqndeef,quahqniqS
civequdiagq fnoteeoq'bi oqvshasglo,qu-o tasagqsoquddqiket,quahqmleaqS
gioqoiqoluoqidhqnlucrdxqbtscrqnoiteqbxqoleqOevfetuaceqOuketa,qSqbucreh
 fqugsaqoleqmuddqoiqlukequaioletqolsaryqMedd,qz noqoleaqudiagqciven
oleneqomiqclufnqndsffsagqudiagqcdineqbxqve,qmsolqniveolsagq ahetqolest
utv,quahqSqtecriaehqolex'hqnoideqsoyqIaeqmunqu-nvirsag,quahqo'ioletqiae
muaoehquqdsglo;qniqolexqnoiffehqtsgloqbepiteqvequahqoleqcsgutnqdsoq f
olestqpucenquahqSqneeqoluoqoleqbsgqiaeqmunqoleqheupquahqh vbqNfuasuth,
bxqlsnqmlsoeqmlsnretnquahqoleqfuoclqiaqlsnqexe,quahqo'ioletqiaeqmunqu
t nox,qtuggeh-diirsagqheksdy”

“Ci dhqxi qneeqoleqtugnqbxqoleqdsgloqipqoleqcsgutn?”

OlsnqnouggetehqL crqpitquqviveaoyqOleaqleqnush:

“Medd,qSqhia'oqraim--b oqnivelimqsoqneevnqunqspqSqhshy”

“Oleaqolexqmeaoqia,quahqxi --”

“Piddetehq'ev--xenyqOluoqmunqsoyqSqmuaoehqoiqneeqmluoqmunq f--olexqnaeureh
udiagqniyqSqhiggehq'evqoiqoleqmshhet'nqnosde,quahqnoiihqsaqoleqhutrquah
leuthqoleqtuggehqiaeqbegqpitqoleqmshhet,quahqoleqNfuasuthqnmeutqle'h
nfsdeqletqdiirnqz noqunqSqoidhqxi quahqxi tqomi--”

“Mluo!qOleq_heupquahqh vb_qvuaqnushquddqoluo!”

L crqluhqvuhequaioletqoettsbdeqvsnoure!qLeqmunqotxsagqlsnqbenoqoiqreef
oleqidhqvuaqptivqgeoosagqoleqpusaoenoqlsaoqipqmliqoleqNfuasuthqvsgloqbe,
uahqxeoqlsnqoiag eqneevehqheoetvsaehqoiqgeoqlsvqsaoiqoti bdeqsaqnfsoeqip
uddqleqci dhqhiyqLeqvuheqneketudqeppitonqoiqcteefqi oqipqlsnqnctufe,
b oqoleqidhqvua'nqexeqmunq fiaqlsvquahqleqvuheqbd ahetqupoetqbd ahety
FteneaodxqoleqMednlvuaqnush:

“Vxqbix,qhia'oqbequptushqipqveyqSqmi dha'oql toquqlustqipqxi tqleuhqpit
uddqoleqmitdhyqAi--S'hqftioecoqxi --S'hqftioecoqxi yqOlsnqNfuasuthqsn
aioqheupquahqh vb;qxi 'keqdeoqoluoqndsfqmsoli oqsaoeahsagqso;qxi qcua'o
ciketqoluoq fqaimyqXi qraimqniveolsagqubi oqoluoqNfuasuthqoluoqxi qmuao
oiqreefqhutryqAimqot noqve--oeddqveqmluoqsoqsn,quahqot noqve--Sqmia'o
beotuxqxi y”

L crqdiirehqsaoiqoleqidhqvua'nqliaenoqexenquqviveao,qoleaqbeaoqiketquah
mlsnfetehqsaqlsnqeut:

“'Ousa'oquqNfuasuth--so'nqSaz aqZie!”

OleqMednlvuaqudvinoqz vfehqi oqipqlsnqclustyqSaquqviveaoqleqnush:

“So'nquddqfdusaqeai gl,qaimyqMleaqxi qoudrehqubi oqaioclsagqeutnquah
ndsoosagqainenqSqz hgehqoluoqoluoqmunqxi tqimaqevbeddsnlveao,qbecu ne
mlsoeqveaqhia'oqoureqoluoqnitoqipqtekeageyqB oquaqSaz a!qOluo'nqu
hsppeteaoqvuooetqudoigeolety”

H tsagqbteurpunoqoleqoudrqmeaoqia,quahqsaqoleqci tneqipqsoqoleqidhqvua
nushqoluoqoleqdunoqolsagqmlsclqlequahqlsnqnianqluhqhiae,qbepiteqgisag
oiqbeh,qmunqoiqgeoquqduaoetaquahqejuvsaeqoleqnosdequahqsonqkscsasoxqpit
vutrnqipqbdiihyqOlexqpi ahqaiae,qb oqcufo tehquqb drxqb ahdeqip--

“Ipq_mluo_?”

Spqoleqmithnqluhqbeeaqdsgloasagqolexqci dhqaioqlukeqdeufehqmsolquqvite
no aasagqn hheaaennqptivqL cr'nqbduaclehqdsfnyqLsnqexenqmeteqnoutsag
mshe,qaim,quahqlsnqbteuolqn nfeaheh--musosagqpitqolequanmetyqOleqMednlvua
noutoeh--noutehqsaqteo ta--olteeqneciahn--pskeqneciahn--oea--oleaqtefdseh:

“Ipqb tgdut'nqoiidnyqMlx,qmluo'nqoleq_vuooet_qmsolqxi ?”

L crqnuarqbucr,qfuaosagqgeaodx,qb oqheefdx,q a ooetubdxqgtuoep dyqOle
Mednlvuaqexehqlsvqgtukedx,qc tsi ndx--uahqfteneaodxqnush:

“Xen,qb tgdut'nqoiidnyqOluoquffeutnqoiqtedsekeqxi quqgiihqheudyqB oqmluo
hshqgskeqxi qoluoqo ta?qMluoqmeteq_xi _qejfecosagqme'hqpi ah?”

L crqmunqsaquqcdineqfduce--oleqsaw stsagqexeqmunq fiaqlsv--leqmi dhqluke
gskeaquaxolsagqpitqvuoetsudqpitquqfdu nsbdequanmet--aiolsagqn ggenoeh
sonedp--oleqsaw stsagqexeqmunqbitsagqheefetquahqheefet--uqneanedenn
tefdxqippeteh--oleteqmunqaiqosveqoiqmesglqso,qniquoquqkeao teqleq ooeteh
so--peebdx:

“N ahux-ncliidqbiirn,qvuxbey”

FiitqL crqmunqoiiqhsnotennehqoiqnvsde,qb oqoleqidhqvuaqdu glehqdi hquah
zixi ndx,qnliirq fqoleqheousdnqipqlsnquauoivxqptivqleuhqoiqpiio,quah
eahehqbxqnuxsagqoluoqn clquqdu glqmunqviaexqsaqu-vua'nqficreo,qbecu ne
soqc oqhimaqoleqhicoit'nqbsddqdsreqeketxolsagyqOleaqlequhheh:

“Fiitqidhqcluf,qxi 'teqmlsoequahqzuheh--xi qusa'oqmeddquqbso--aiqmiahet
xi 'tequqdsoodeqpdsgloxquahqippqxi tqbuduaceyqB oqxi 'ddqciveqi oqipqsoy
Tenoquahqndeefqmsddqpeoclqxi qi oquddqtsglo,qSqlifey”

L crqmunqsttsouoehqoiqolsarqleqluhqbeeaqn clquqgiinequahqbeotuxehqn cl
uqn nfscsi nqejcsoeveao,qpitqleqluhqhtiffehqoleqsheuqoluoqoleqfutced
bti gloqptivqoleqouketaqmunqoleqoteun te,qunqniiaqunqleqluhqleuthqole
oudrquoqoleqmshim'nqnosdeyqLeqluhqiadxqoli gloqsoqmunqaioqoleqoteun te,
limeket--leqluhqaioqraimaqoluoqsoqmuna'o--uahqniqoleqn ggenosiaqipqu
cufo tehqb ahdeqmunqoiiqv clqpitqlsnqnedp-finnennsiayqB oqiaqoleqmlide
leqpedoqgduhqoleqdsoodeqefsniheqluhqluffeaeh,qpitqaimqleqraemqbexiahqudd
w enosiaqoluoqoluoqb ahdeqmunqaioq_ole_qb ahde,quahqniqlsnqvsahqmun
uoqtenoquahqejceehsagdxqcivpitoubdeyqSaqpuco,qeketxolsagqneevehqoiqbe
htsposagqz noqsaqoleqtsgloqhstecosia,qaim;qoleqoteun teqv noqbeqnosdd
saqAiyq2,qoleqveaqmi dhqbeqcufo tehquahqzusdehqoluoqhux,quahqlequah
Oivqci dhqnes.eqoleqgidhqoluoqasgloqmsoli oquaxqoti bdeqitquaxqpeutqip
saoett fosiay

Z noqunqbteurpunoqmunqcivfdeoehqoleteqmunquqraicrquoqoleqhiityqL cr
z vfehqpitquqlshsag-fduce,qpitqleqluhqaiqvsahqoiqbeqciaaecoehqekea
tevioedxqmsolqoleqduoeqekeaoyqOleqMednlvuaquhvsooehqneketudqduhsenquah
geaodevea,quviagqolevqoleqMshimqHi gdun,quahqaioscehqoluoqgti fnqip
csos.eanqmeteqcdsvbsagq fqoleqlsdd--oiqnoutequoqoleqnosdeyqNiqoleqaemn
luhqnfteuhyqOleqMednlvuaqluhqoiqoeddqoleqnoitxqipqoleqasgloqoiqole
ksnsoitnyqOleqmshim'nqgtuoso heqpitqletqftenetkuosiaqmunqi onfireay

“Hia'oqnuxquqmithqubi oqso,qvuhuvyqOlete'nquaioletqoluoqxi 'teqvite
belidheaqoiqoluaqxi quteqoiqvequahqvxqbixn,qvuxbe,qb oqleqhia'oquddimqve
oiqoeddqlsnqauveyqMeqmi dha'oqlukeqbeeaqoleteqb oqpitqlsvy”

Ipqci tneqolsnqejcsoehquqc tsinsoxqniqkunoqoluoqsoqudvinoqbedsoodehqole
vusaqvuooet--b oqoleqMednlvuaquddimehqsoqoiqeuoqsaoiqoleqksoudnqipqlsn
ksnsoitn,quahqolti glqolevqbeqotuanvsooehqoiqoleqmlideqoima,qpitqle
tep nehqoiqfutoqmsolqlsnqnecteoyqMleaquddqedneqluhqbeeaqdeutaeh,qole
mshimqnush:

“Sqmeaoqoiqndeefqteuhsagqsaqbehquahqndefoqnotusgloqolti glquddqoluo
aisneyqMlxqhsha'oqxi qcivequahqmureqve?”

“Meqz hgehqsoqmuta'oqmitolqmlsdeyqOlineqpeddimnqmuta'oqdsredxqoiqcive
ugusa--olexqluha'oquaxqoiidnqdepoqoiqmitrqmsol,quahqmluoqmunqoleq neqip
mursagqxi q fquahqncutsagqxi qoiqheuol?qVxqolteeqaegtiqveaqnoiihqg uth
uoqxi tqli nequddqoleqtenoqipqoleqasgloyqOlex'keqz noqciveqbucry”

Viteqksnsoitnqcuve,quahqoleqnoitxqluhqoiqbeqoidhquahqteoidhqpitquqci fde
ipqli tnqvitey

OleteqmunqaiqNubbuol-ncliidqh tsagqhux-ncliidqkucuosia,qb oqeketxbihx
munqeutdxquoqcl tclyqOleqnosttsagqekeaoqmunqmeddqcuakunnehyqAemnqcuve
oluoqaioquqnsgaqipqoleqomiqksddusanqluhqbeeaqxeoqhsnciketehyqMleaqole
netviaqmunqpsasnleh,qZ hgeqOluoclet'nqmspeqhtiffehqudiagnsheqipqVtny
Lutfetqunqnleqvikehqhimaqolequsndeqmsolqoleqctimhquahqnush:

“SnqvxqBecrxqgisagqoiqndeefquddqhux?qSqz noqejfecoehqnleqmi dhqbeqosteh
oiqheuoly”

“Xi tqBecrx?”

“Xen,”qmsolquqnoutodehqdiir--“hsha'oqnleqnouxqmsolqxi qdunoqasglo?”

“Mlx,qaiy”

VtnyqOluocletqo taehqfude,quahqnuarqsaoiquqfem,qz noqunqU aoqFiddx,
oudrsagqbtsnrdxqmsolquqptseah,qfunnehqbxyqU aoqFiddxqnush:

“Giihvitasag,qVtnyqOluocletyqGiihvitasag,qVtnyqLutfetyqS'keqgioquqbix
oluo'nqo taehq fqvsnnsagyqSqtecriaqvxqOivqnouxehquoqxi tqli neqduno
asglo--iaeqipqxi yqUahqaimqle'nquptushqoiqciveqoiqcl tclyqS'keqgioqoi
neoodeqmsolqlsvy”

VtnyqOluocletqnliirqletqleuhqpeebdxquahqo taehqfudetqoluaqekety

“Leqhsha'oqnouxqmsolq n,”qnushqVtnyqLutfet,qbegsaasagqoiqdiirq aeunxyqU
vutrehquajseoxqcuveqsaoiqU aoqFiddx'nqpucey

“ZieqLutfet,qlukeqxi qneeaqvxqOivqolsnqvitasag?”

“Ai'vy”

“Mleaqhshqxi qneeqlsvqduno?”

Zieqotsehqoiqtevevbet,qb oqmunqaioqn teqleqci dhqnuxyqOleqfeifdeqluh
noiffehqviksagqi oqipqcl tclyqMlsnfetnqfunnehqudiag,quahquqbihsag
 aeunsaennqoiirqfinnennsiaqipqeketxqci aoeauaceyqClsdhteaqmetequajsi ndx
w enosiaeh,quahqxi agqoeucletnyqOlexquddqnushqolexqluhqaioqaiosceh
mleoletqOivquahqBecrxqmeteqiaqbiuthqoleqpettxbiuoqiaqoleqlivemuthqotsf;
soqmunqhutr;qaiqiaeqoli gloqipqsaw stsagqspquaxqiaeqmunqvsnnsagyqIae
xi agqvuaqpsauddxqbd toehqi oqlsnqpeutqoluoqolexqmeteqnosddqsaqoleqcuke!
VtnyqOluocletqnmiiaehqumuxyqU aoqFiddxqpeddqoiqctxsagquahqmtsagsagqlet
luahny

Olequdutvqnmefoqptivqdsfqoiqdsf,qptivqgti fqoiqgti f,qptivqnoteeoqoi
noteeo,quahqmsolsaqpskeqvsa oenqoleqbeddnqmeteqmsdhdxqcduagsagquah
oleqmlideqoimaqmunq f!qOleqCuthsppqLsddqefsniheqnuarqsaoiqsanouao
sansgaspscuace,qoleqb tgdutnqmeteqpitgiooea,qlitnenqmeteqnuhhdeh,qnrsppn
meteqvuaaeh,qoleqpettxbiuoqithetehqi o,quahqbepiteqoleqlittitqmunqludp
uaqli tqidh,qomiql ahtehqveaqmeteqfi tsagqhimaqlsgltiuhquahqtsketqoimuth
oleqcukey

UddqoleqdiagqupoetaiiaqoleqksddugeqneevehqevfoxquahqheuhyqVuaxqmivea
ksnsoehqU aoqFiddxquahqVtnyqOluocletquahqotsehqoiqcivpitoqolevyqOlex
ctsehqmsolqolev,qoii,quahqoluoqmunqnosddqbeooetqoluaqmithnyqUddqole
oehsi nqasgloqoleqoimaqmusoehqpitqaemn;qb oqmleaqoleqvitasagqhumaehquo
duno,quddqoleqmithqoluoqcuveqmun,q“Neahqviteqcuahden--uahqneahqpiihy”
qVtnyqOluocletqmunqudvinoqctu.eh;quahqU aoqFiddx,qudniyqZ hgeqOluoclet
neaoqvennugenqipqlifequahqeaci tugeveaoqptivqoleqcuke,qb oqolexqciakexeh
aiqteudqcleety

OleqidhqMednlvuaqcuveqliveqoimuthqhuxdsglo,qnfuooetehqmsol
cuahde-gteune,qnveutehqmsolqcdux,quahqudvinoqmitaqi oyqLeqpi ahqL cr
nosddqsaqoleqbehqoluoqluhqbeeaqftikshehqpitqlsv,quahqhedstsi nqmsol
peketyqOleqflxnscsuanqmetequddquoqoleqcuke,qniqoleqMshimqHi gdunqcuve
uahqoiirqclutgeqipqoleqfuoseaoyqNleqnushqnleqmi dhqhiqletqbenoqbxqlsv,
becu ne,qmleoletqleqmunqgiih,qbuh,qitqsahsppeteao,qleqmunqoleqDith'n,
uahqaiolsagqoluoqmunqoleqDith'nqmunquqolsagqoiqbeqaegdecoehyqOle
MednlvuaqnushqL crqluhqgiihqnfionqsaqlsv,quahqoleqmshimqnush:

“Xi qcuaqhefeahqiaqsoyqOluo'nqoleqDith'nqvutryqLeqhia'oqdeukeqsoqippy
LeqaeketqhienyqF onqsoqnivemleteqiaqeketxqcteuo teqoluoqcivenqptivqlsn
luahny”

Eutdxqsaqoleqpiteaiiaqfutosenqipqzuhehqveaqbeguaqoiqnotuggdeqsaoiqole
ksdduge,qb oqoleqnotiagenoqipqoleqcsos.eanqciaosa ehqneutclsagyqUddqole
aemnqoluoqci dhqbeqgusaehqmunqoluoqtevioeaennenqipqoleqcuketaqmeteqbesag
tuanucrehqoluoqluhqaeketqbeeaqksnsoehqbepite;qoluoqeketxqcitaetquah
cteksceqmunqgisagqoiqbeqoliti gldxqneutcleh;qoluoqmleteketqiaeqmuaheteh
olti glqoleqvu.eqipqfunnugen,qdsglonqmeteqoiqbeqneeaqpdsoosagqlsolet
uahqolsoletqsaqoleqhsnouace,quahqnli osagnquahqfsnoid-nlionqneaoqolest
liddimqteketbetuosianqoiqoleqeutqhimaqoleqnivbtequsndenyqSaqiaeqfduce,
putqptivqoleqnecosiaq n uddxqotuketnehqbxqoi tsnon,qoleqauvenq“BECRXq&
OIV”qluhqbeeaqpi ahqotucehq fiaqoleqticrxqmuddqmsolqcuahde-nvire,quah
aeutquoqluahquqgteune-nisdehqbsoqipqtsbbiayqVtnyqOluocletqtecigas.ehqole
tsbbiaquahqctsehqiketqsoyqNleqnushqsoqmunqoleqdunoqtedscqnleqnli dhqeket
lukeqipqletqclsdh;quahqoluoqaiqioletqvevitsudqipqletqci dhqeketqbeqni
ftecsi n,qbecu neqolsnqiaeqfutoehqduoenoqptivqoleqdsksagqbihxqbepiteqole
ump dqheuolqcuveyqNiveqnushqoluoqaimquahqolea,qsaqoleqcuke,quqput-umux
nfecrqipqdsgloqmi dhqgdsvvet,quahqoleaquqgditsi nqnli oqmi dhqb tno
pitolquahquqnciteqipqveaqgiqotiifsagqhimaqoleqeclisagqusnde--uahqoleaqu
nscreasagqhsnuffisaoveaoqudmuxnqpiddimeh;qoleqclsdhteaqmeteqaioqolete;
soqmunqiadxquqneutclet'nqdsgloy

Olteeqhteuhp dqhuxnquahqasglonqhtuggehqolestqoehsi nqli tnqudiag,quah
oleqksddugeqnuarqsaoiquqlifedennqno fityqAiqiaeqluhqleutoqpitquaxolsagy
Olequccsheaoudqhsnciketx,qz noqvuhe,qoluoqoleqftiftseoitqipqole
OevfetuaceqOuketaqrefoqdsw itqiaqlsnqftevsnen,qncutcedxqpd ooetehqole
f bdscqf dne,qoteveahi nqunqoleqpucoqmunyqSaquqd cshqsaoetkud,qL cr
peebdxqdehq fqoiqoleqn bzecoqipqouketan,quahqpsauddxqunreh--hsvdx
hteuhsagqoleqmitno--spquaxolsagqluhqbeeaqhsnciketehquoqoleqOevfetuace
Ouketaqnsaceqleqluhqbeeaqsddy

“Xen,”qnushqoleqmshimy

L crqnoutoehq fqsaqbeh,qmsdhexeh:

“Mluo?qMluoqmunqso?”

“Dsw it!--uahqoleqfduceqlunqbeeaqnl oq fyqDseqhima,qclsdh--mluoquqo taqxi 
hshqgskeqve!”

“Iadxqoeddqveqz noqiaeqolsag--iadxqz noqiae--fdeune!qMunqsoqOivqNumxet
oluoqpi ahqso?”

Oleqmshimqb tnoqsaoiqoeutnyq“L nl,ql nl,qclsdh,ql nl!qS'keqoidhqxi 
bepite,qxi qv noq_aio_qoudryqXi quteqketx,qketxqnscr!”

Oleaqaiolsagqb oqdsw itqluhqbeeaqpi ah;qoleteqmi dhqlukeqbeeaquqgteuo
fimmimqspqsoqluhqbeeaqoleqgidhyqNiqoleqoteun teqmunqgiaeqpiteket--giae
piteket!qB oqmluoqci dhqnleqbeqctxsagqubi o?qC tsi nqoluoqnleqnli dh
ctxy

Oleneqoli glonqmitrehqolestqhsvqmuxqolti glqL cr'nqvsah,quahq ahetqole
meutsaennqolexqgukeqlsvqleqpeddqundeefyqOleqmshimqnushqoiqletnedp:

“Olete--le'nqundeef,qfiitqmtecryqOivqNumxetqpsahqso!qFsoxqb oqnivebihx
ci dhqpsahqOivqNumxet!qUl,qoletequsa'oqvuaxqdepo,qaim,qoluo'nqgioqlife
eai gl,qitqnoteagolqeai gl,qesolet,qoiqgiqiaqneutclsagy”




CLUFOETqJJJS

AIMqoiqteo taqoiqOivquahqBecrx'nqnluteqsaqoleqfscascyqOlexqotsffehqudiag
oleqv trxqusndenqmsolqoleqtenoqipqoleqcivfuax,qksnsosagqoleqpuvsdsut
miahetnqipqoleqcuke--miahetnqh bbehqmsolqtuoletqiket-henctsfoskeqauven,
n clqunq“OleqHtumsag-Tiiv,”q“OleqCuolehtud,”q“Uduhhsa'nqFuduce,”quah
niqiayqFteneaodxqoleqlshe-uah-neerqptidscrsagqbegua,quahqOivquahqBecrx
eagugehqsaqsoqmsolq.eudq aosdqoleqejetosiaqbeguaqoiqgtimquqotspde
meutsnive;qoleaqolexqmuahetehqhimaquqnsa i nqukea eqlidhsagqolest
cuahdenqudipoquahqteuhsagqoleqouagdehqmebmitrqipqauven,qhuoen,
finoippscequhhtennen,quahqviooienqmsolqmlsclqoleqticrxqmuddnqluhqbeea
ptenciehq(saqcuahde-nvire)yqNosddqhtsposagqudiagquahqoudrsag,qolex
ncutcedxqaioscehqoluoqolexqmeteqaimqsaquqfutoqipqoleqcukeqmlineqmuddn
meteqaioqptenciehyqOlexqnvirehqolestqimaqauvenq ahetquaqiketluagsag
nledpquahqvikehqiayqFteneaodxqolexqcuveqoiquqfduceqmletequqdsoodeqnoteuv
ipqmuoet,qotscrdsagqiketquqdehgequahqcuttxsagquqdsvenoiaeqnehsveaoqmsol
so,qluh,qsaqoleqndim-htuggsagqugen,qpitvehquqducehquahqt ppdehqAsugutu
saqgdeuvsagquahqsvfetsnlubdeqnoiaeyqOivqnw ee.ehqlsnqnvuddqbihxqbelsah
soqsaqithetqoiqsdd vsauoeqsoqpitqBecrx'nqgtuospscuosiayqLeqpi ahqoluo
soqc tousaehquqnitoqipqnoeefqauo tudqnoustmuxqmlsclqmunqeacdinehqbeomeea
auttimqmuddn,quahquoqiaceqolequvbsosiaqoiqbequqhsnciketetqnes.ehqlsvy

Becrxqtenfiahehqoiqlsnqcudd,quahqolexqvuhequqnvire-vutrqpitqp o te
g shuace,quahqnoutoehq fiaqolestqw enoyqOlexqmi ahqolsnqmuxquahqoluo,
putqhimaqsaoiqoleqnecteoqhefolnqipqoleqcuke,qvuhequaioletqvutr,quah
btuaclehqippqsaqneutclqipqaikedosenqoiqoeddqoleq ffetqmitdhqubi oyqSa
iaeqfduceqolexqpi ahquqnfucsi nqcuketa,qptivqmlineqcesdsagqhefeahehqu
v doso heqipqnlsasagqnouducosoenqipqoleqdeagolquahqcstc vpeteaceqip
uqvua'nqdeg;qolexqmudrehquddqubi oqso,qmiahetsagquahquhvstsag,quah
fteneaodxqdepoqsoqbxqiaeqipqoleqa veti nqfunnugenqoluoqifeaehqsaoi
soyqOlsnqnlitodxqbti gloqolevqoiquqbemsoclsagqnftsag,qmlineqbunsaqmun
sact noehqmsolquqptinomitrqipqgdsooetsagqctxnoudn;qsoqmunqsaqoleqvshno
ipquqcuketaqmlineqmuddnqmeteqn ffitoehqbxqvuaxqpuaounoscqfsddutnqmlscl
luhqbeeaqpitvehqbxqoleqzisasagqipqgteuoqnouducosoenquahqnoudugvsoen
oigeolet,qoleqten doqipqoleqceunedennqmuoet-htsfqipqceao tsenyq ahetqole
tiipqkunoqraionqipqbuonqluhqfucrehqolevnedkenqoigeolet,qoli nuahnqsaqu
b acl;qoleqdsglonqhsno tbehqoleqcteuo tenquahqolexqcuveqpdicrsagqhimaqbx
l ahtehn,qnw eursagquahqhutosagqp tsi ndxquoqoleqcuahdenyqOivqraemqolest
muxnquahqoleqhuagetqipqolsnqnitoqipqciah coyqLeqnes.ehqBecrx'nqluahquah
l ttsehqletqsaoiqoleqpstnoqcittshitqoluoqippeteh;quahqaiaeqoiiqniia,qpit
uqbuoqnot crqBecrx'nqdsgloqi oqmsolqsonqmsagqmlsdeqnleqmunqfunnsagqi o
ipqoleqcuketayqOleqbuonqclunehqoleqclsdhteaquqgiihqhsnouace;qb oqole
p gsoskenqfd agehqsaoiqeketxqaemqfunnugeqoluoqippeteh,quahquoqdunoqgio
tshqipqoleqfetsdi nqolsagnyqOivqpi ahquqn boettuaeuaqdure,qnlitodx,
mlsclqnoteoclehqsonqhsvqdeagolqumuxq aosdqsonqnlufeqmunqdinoqsaqole
nluhimnyqLeqmuaoehqoiqejfditeqsonqbithetn,qb oqciacd hehqoluoqsoqmi dh
beqbenoqoiqnsoqhimaquahqtenoqumlsde,qpstnoyqAim,qpitqoleqpstnoqosve,qole
heefqnosddaennqipqoleqfduceqdushquqcduvvxqluahq fiaqoleqnfstsonqipqole
clsdhteayqBecrxqnush:

“Mlx,qSqhsha'oqaiosce,qb oqsoqneevnqeketqniqdiagqnsaceqSqleuthquaxqip
oleqioletny”

“Civeqoiqolsar,qBecrx,qmequtequmuxqhimaqbedimqolev--uahqSqhia'oqraimqlim
putqumuxqaitol,qitqni ol,qitqeuno,qitqmlscleketqsoqsnyqMeqci dha'oqleut
olevqletey”

Becrxqgtemquffteleanskey

“Sqmiahetqlimqdiagqme'keqbeeaqhimaqlete,qOiv?qMeqbeooetqnoutoqbucry”

“Xen,qSqtecriaqmeqbeooetyqF'tufnqmeqbeooety”

“Cuaqxi qpsahqoleqmux,qOiv?qSo'nquddquqvsjeh- fqctiirehaennqoiqvey”

“SqtecriaqSqci dhqpsahqso--b oqoleaqoleqbuonyqSpqolexqf oqi tqcuahden
i oqsoqmsddqbequaqump dqpsjyqDeo'nqotxqniveqioletqmux,qniqunqaioqoiqgi
olti glqoletey”

“MeddyqB oqSqlifeqmeqmia'oqgeoqdinoyqSoqmi dhqbeqniqump d!”quahqoleqgstd
nl hhetehquoqoleqoli gloqipqoleqhteuhp dqfinnsbsdsoseny

Olexqnoutoehqolti glquqcittshit,quahqotuketnehqsoqsaqnsdeacequqdiag
mux,qgduacsagquoqeuclqaemqifeasag,qoiqneeqspqoleteqmunquaxolsagqpuvsdsut
ubi oqoleqdiirqipqso;qb oqolexqmetequddqnotuageyqEketxqosveqOivqvuhequa
ejuvsauosia,qBecrxqmi dhqmuoclqlsnqpuceqpitquaqeaci tugsagqnsga,quahqle
mi dhqnuxqcleetsdx:

“Il,qso'nquddqtsgloyqOlsnqusa'oqoleqiae,qb oqme'ddqciveqoiqsoqtsglo
umux!”

B oqleqpedoqdennquahqdennqlifep dqmsolqeuclqpusd te,quahqfteneaodxqbegua
oiqo taqippqsaoiqhsketgsagqukea enquoqnleetqtuahiv,qsaqhenfetuoeqlifeqip
psahsagqoleqiaeqoluoqmunqmuaoehyqLeqnosddqnushqsoqmunq“uddqtsglo,”qb o
oleteqmunqn clquqdeuheaqhteuhquoqlsnqleutoqoluoqoleqmithnqluhqdinoqolest
tsagquahqni ahehqz noqunqspqleqluhqnush,q“Uddqsnqdino!”qBecrxqcd agqoi
lsnqnsheqsaquaquag snlqipqpeut,quahqotsehqluthqoiqreefqbucrqoleqoeutn,
b oqolexqmi dhqciveyqUoqdunoqnleqnush:

“Il,qOiv,qaeketqvsahqoleqbuon,qdeo'nqgiqbucrqoluoqmux!qMeqneevqoiqgeo
mitnequahqmitneqippquddqoleqosvey”

“Dsnoea!”qnushqley

Ftipi ahqnsdeace;qnsdeaceqniqheefqoluoqekeaqolestqbteuolsagnqmete
cianfsc i nqsaqoleql nlyqOivqnli oehyqOleqcuddqmeaoqeclisagqhima
oleqevfoxqusndenquahqhsehqi oqsaqoleqhsnouaceqsaquqpusaoqni ahqoluo
tenevbdehquqtsffdeqipqvicrsagqdu gloety

“Il,qhia'oqhiqsoqugusa,qOiv,qsoqsnqoiiqlittsh,”qnushqBecrxy

“Soqsnqlittsh,qb oqSqbeooet,qBecrx;qolexqvsgloqleutq n,qxi qraim,”quah
leqnli oehqugusay

Oleq“vsglo”qmunqekeaquqclsddsetqlittitqoluaqoleqglinodxqdu gloet,qsoqni
ciapennehquqfetsnlsagqlifeyqOleqclsdhteaqnoiihqnosddquahqdsnoeaeh;qb o
oleteqmunqaiqten doyqOivqo taehq fiaqoleqbucrqotucrquoqiace,quahql ttseh
lsnqnoefnyqSoqmunqb oquqdsoodeqmlsdeqbepitequqcetousaqsahecsnsiaqsaqlsn
vuaaetqtekeudehquaioletqpeutp dqpucoqoiqBecrx--leqci dhqaioqpsahqlsnqmux
bucr!

“Il,qOiv,qxi qhsha'oqvurequaxqvutrn!”

“Becrx,qSqmunqn clquqpiid!qN clquqpiid!qSqaeketqoli gloqmeqvsgloqmuaoqoi
civeqbucr!qAi--Sqcua'oqpsahqoleqmuxyqSo'nquddqvsjehq fy”

“Oiv,qOiv,qme'teqdino!qme'teqdino!qMeqaeketqcuaqgeoqi oqipqolsnqump d
fduce!qIl,qmlxq_hsh_qmeqeketqdeukeqoleqioletn!”

Nleqnuarqoiqoleqgti ahquahqb tnoqsaoiqn clquqptea.xqipqctxsagqoluoqOiv
munquffuddehqmsolqoleqsheuqoluoqnleqvsgloqhse,qitqdineqletqteuniayqLe
nuoqhimaqbxqletquahqf oqlsnqutvnquti ahqlet;qnleqb tsehqletqpuceqsa
lsnqbiniv,qnleqcd agqoiqlsv,qnleqfi tehqi oqletqoettitn,qletq aukusdsag
tegteon,quahqoleqputqeclienqo taehqolevquddqoiqzeetsagqdu gloetyqOiv
beggehqletqoiqfd crq fqlifequgusa,quahqnleqnushqnleqci dhqaioyqLeqpedd
oiqbduvsagquahqub nsagqlsvnedpqpitqgeoosagqletqsaoiqolsnqvsnetubde
nso uosia;qolsnqluhquqbeooetqeppecoyqNleqnushqnleqmi dhqotxqoiqlife
ugusa,qnleqmi dhqgeoq fquahqpiddimqmleteketqleqvsgloqdeuhqspqiadxqle
mi dhqaioqoudrqdsreqoluoquaxqviteyqPitqleqmunqaiqviteqoiqbduveqoluaqnle,
nleqnushy

Niqolexqvikehqiaqugusa--usvdenndx--nsvfdxquoqtuahiv--uddqolexqci dhqhi
munqoiqvike,qreefqviksagyqPitquqdsoodeqmlsde,qlifeqvuhequqnlimqip
teksksag--aioqmsolquaxqteuniaqoiqbucrqso,qb oqiadxqbecu neqsoqsnqson
auo teqoiqtekskeqmleaqoleqnftsagqlunqaioqbeeaqoureaqi oqipqsoqbxqugequah
puvsdsutsoxqmsolqpusd tey

Bx-uah-bxqOivqoiirqBecrx'nqcuahdequahqbdemqsoqi oyqOlsnqeciaivxqveuaoqni
v cl!qMithnqmeteqaioqaeehehyqBecrxq ahetnoiih,quahqletqlifeqhsehqugusay
NleqraemqoluoqOivqluhquqmlideqcuahdequahqolteeqitqpi tqfsecenqsaqlsn
ficreon--xeoqleqv noqeciaivs.ey

Bx-uah-bx,qpuosg eqbeguaqoiqunnetoqsonqcdusvn;qoleqclsdhteaqotsehqoiqfux
uooeaosia,qpitqsoqmunqhteuhp dqoiqolsarqipqnsoosagqhimaqmleaqosveqmun
gtimaqoiqbeqniqftecsi n,qviksag,qsaqniveqhstecosia,qsaquaxqhstecosia,
munquoqdeunoqftigtennquahqvsgloqbeutqpt so;qb oqoiqnsoqhimaqmunqoi
saksoeqheuolquahqnlitoeaqsonqf tn soy

UoqdunoqBecrx'nqptusdqdsvbnqtep nehqoiqcuttxqletqputoletyqNleqnuoqhimay
Oivqtenoehqmsolqlet,quahqolexqoudrehqipqlive,quahqoleqptseahnqolete,
uahqoleqcivpitoubdeqbehnquah,qubikequdd,qoleqdsglo!qBecrxqctseh,quahqOiv
otsehqoiqolsarqipqniveqmuxqipqcivpitosagqlet,qb oquddqlsnqeaci tugeveaon
meteqgtimaqolteuh-buteqmsolq ne,quahqni ahehqdsreqnutcunvnyqPuosg eqbite
niqleuksdxq fiaqBecrxqoluoqnleqhtimnehqippqoiqndeefyqOivqmunqgtuoep dy
Leqnuoqdiirsagqsaoiqletqhtumaqpucequahqnumqsoqgtimqnviiolquahqauo tud
 ahetqoleqsapd eaceqipqfdeunuaoqhteuvn;quahqbx-uah-bxquqnvsdeqhumaehquah
tenoehqoleteyqOleqfeucep dqpuceqtepdecoehqnivemluoqipqfeucequahqleudsag
saoiqlsnqimaqnfstso,quahqlsnqoli glonqmuahetehqumuxqoiqbxgiaeqosvenquah
hteuvxqvevitsenyqMlsdeqleqmunqheefqsaqlsnqv nsagn,qBecrxqmireq fqmsolqu
btee.xqdsoodeqdu gl--b oqsoqmunqnotscreaqheuhq fiaqletqdsfn,quahquqgtiua
piddimehqsoy

“Il,qlimq_ci dh_qSqndeef!qSqmsnlqSqaeket,qaeketqluhqmureh!qAi!qAi,qS
hia'o,qOiv!qHia'oqdiirqni!qSqmia'oqnuxqsoqugusay”

“S'vqgduhqxi 'keqndefo,qBecrx;qxi 'ddqpeedqtenoeh,qaim,quahqme'ddqpsah
oleqmuxqi oy”

“Meqcuaqotx,qOiv;qb oqS'keqneeaqn clquqbeu osp dqci aotxqsaqvxqhteuvyqS
tecriaqmequteqgisagqoletey”

“Vuxbeqaio,qvuxbeqaioyqCleetq f,qBecrx,quahqdeo'nqgiqiaqotxsagy”

Olexqtineq fquahqmuahetehqudiag,qluahqsaqluahquahqlifedennyqOlexqotseh
oiqenosvuoeqlimqdiagqolexqluhqbeeaqsaqoleqcuke,qb oquddqolexqraemqmun
oluoqsoqneevehqhuxnquahqmeern,quahqxeoqsoqmunqfdusaqoluoqolsnqci dhqaio
be,qpitqolestqcuahdenqmeteqaioqgiaeqxeoyqUqdiagqosvequpoetqolsn--olex
ci dhqaioqoeddqlimqdiag--Oivqnushqolexqv noqgiqnipodxquahqdsnoeaqpit
htsffsagqmuoet--olexqv noqpsahquqnftsagyqOlexqpi ahqiaeqfteneaodx,quah
OivqnushqsoqmunqosveqoiqtenoqugusayqBiolqmeteqct eddxqosteh,qxeoqBecrx
nushqnleqoli gloqnleqci dhqgiquqdsoodeqputoletyqNleqmunqn tftsnehqoi
leutqOivqhsnneaoyqNleqci dhqaioq ahetnouahqsoyqOlexqnuoqhima,quahqOiv
punoeaehqlsnqcuahdeqoiqoleqmuddqsaqptiaoqipqolevqmsolqniveqcduxyqOli glo
munqniiaqb nx;qaiolsagqmunqnushqpitqniveqosveyqOleaqBecrxqbtireqole
nsdeace:

“Oiv,qSquvqniql agtx!”

Oivqoiirqniveolsagqi oqipqlsnqficreoy

“Hiqxi qtevevbetqolsn?”qnushqley

Becrxqudvinoqnvsdehy

“So'nqi tqmehhsag-cure,qOivy”

“Xen--Sqmsnlqsoqmunqunqbsgqunquqbutted,qpitqso'nquddqme'keqgioy”

“Sqnukehqsoqptivqoleqfscascqpitq nqoiqhteuvqia,qOiv,qoleqmuxqgtima f
feifdeqhiqmsolqmehhsag-cure--b oqso'ddqbeqi t--”

NleqhtiffehqoleqneaoeaceqmleteqsoqmunyqOivqhskshehqoleqcurequahqBecrx
uoeqmsolqgiihquffeosoe,qmlsdeqOivqasbbdehquoqlsnqviseoxyqOleteqmun
ub ahuaceqipqcidhqmuoetqoiqpsasnlqoleqpeunoqmsolyqBx-uah-bxqBecrx
n ggenoehqoluoqolexqvikeqiaqugusayqOivqmunqnsdeaoquqviveaoyqOleaqle
nush:

“Becrx,qcuaqxi qbeutqsoqspqSqoeddqxi qniveolsag?”

Becrx'nqpuceqfudeh,qb oqnleqoli gloqnleqci dhy

“Medd,qolea,qBecrx,qmeqv noqnouxqlete,qmleteqolete'nqmuoetqoiqhtsary
Oluoqdsoodeqfseceqsnqi tqdunoqcuahde!”

BecrxqgukeqdiineqoiqoeutnquahqmusdsagnyqOivqhshqmluoqleqci dhqoiqcivpito
let,qb oqmsolqdsoodeqeppecoyqUoqdeagolqBecrxqnush:

“Oiv!”

“Medd,qBecrx?”

“Olex'ddqvsnnq nquahql aoqpitq n!”

“Xen,qolexqmsdd!qCetousadxqolexqmsdd!”

“Vuxbeqolex'teql aosagqpitq nqaim,qOivy”

“Mlx,qSqtecriaqvuxbeqolexquteyqSqlifeqolexqutey”

“Mleaqmi dhqolexqvsnnq n,qOiv?”

“Mleaqolexqgeoqbucrqoiqoleqbiuo,qSqtecriay”

“Oiv,qsoqvsgloqbeqhutrqolea--mi dhqolexqaiosceqmeqluha'oqcive?”

“Sqhia'oqraimyqB oquaxmux,qxi tqvioletqmi dhqvsnnqxi qunqniiaqunqolex
gioqlivey”

UqptsgloeaehqdiirqsaqBecrx'nqpuceqbti gloqOivqoiqlsnqneanenquahqleqnum
oluoqleqluhqvuhequqbd ahetyqBecrxqmunqaioqoiqlukeqgiaeqliveqoluoqasglo!
Oleqclsdhteaqbecuveqnsdeaoquahqoli glop dyqSaquqviveaoquqaemqb tnoqip
gtsepqptivqBecrxqnlimehqOivqoluoqoleqolsagqsaqlsnqvsahqluhqnot crqletn
udni--oluoqoleqNubbuolqvitasagqvsgloqbeqludpqnfeaoqbepiteqVtnyqOluoclet
hsnciketehqoluoqBecrxqmunqaioquoqVtnyqLutfet'ny

Oleqclsdhteaqpunoeaehqolestqexenq fiaqolestqbsoqipqcuahdequahqmuoclehqso
vedoqndimdxquahqfsosdenndxqumux;qnumqoleqludpqsaclqipqmscrqnouahqudiae
uoqduno;qnumqoleqpeebdeqpduveqtsnequahqpudd,qcdsvbqoleqolsaqcid vaqip
nvire,qdsagetquoqsonqoifquqviveao,quahqolea--oleqlittitqipq ooetqhutraenn
tesgaeh!

LimqdiagqupoetmuthqsoqmunqoluoqBecrxqcuveqoiquqndimqciancsi naennqoluo
nleqmunqctxsagqsaqOiv'nqutvn,qaesoletqci dhqoeddyqUddqoluoqolexqraem
mun,qoluoqupoetqmluoqneevehquqvsgloxqnoteoclqipqosve,qbiolqumireqi oqip
uqheuhqno fitqipqndeefquahqten vehqolestqvsnetsenqiaceqviteyqOivqnush
soqvsgloqbeqN ahux,qaim--vuxbeqViahuxyqLeqotsehqoiqgeoqBecrxqoiqoudr,qb o
letqnittimnqmeteqoiiqifftennske,quddqletqlifenqmeteqgiaeyqOivqnushqoluo
olexqv noqlukeqbeeaqvsnnehqdiagqugi,quahqaiqhi boqoleqneutclqmunqgisag
iayqLeqmi dhqnli oquahqvuxbeqniveqiaeqmi dhqciveyqLeqotsehqso;qb oqsa
oleqhutraennqoleqhsnouaoqeclienqni ahehqniqlshei ndxqoluoqleqotsehqsoqai
vitey

Oleqli tnqmunoehqumux,quahql agetqcuveqoiqoitveaoqoleqcufoskenqugusayqU
fitosiaqipqOiv'nqludpqipqoleqcureqmunqdepo;qolexqhskshehquahquoeqsoyqB o
olexqneevehql agtsetqoluaqbepiteyqOleqfiitqvitnedqipqpiihqiadxqmleooeh
henstey

Bx-uah-bxqOivqnush:

“NL!qHshqxi qleutqoluo?”

BiolqledhqolestqbteuolquahqdsnoeaehyqOleteqmunquqni ahqdsreqole
pusaoeno,qput-ippqnli oyqSanouaodxqOivquanmetehqso,quahqdeuhsagqBecrxqbx
oleqluah,qnoutoehqgtifsagqhimaqoleqcittshitqsaqsonqhstecosiayqFteneaodx
leqdsnoeaehqugusa;qugusaqoleqni ahqmunqleuth,quahquffuteaodxquqdsoode
aeutety

“So'nqolev!”qnushqOiv;q“olex'teqcivsag!qCivequdiag,qBecrx--me'tequdd
tsgloqaim!”

OleqzixqipqoleqftsniaetnqmunqudvinoqiketmledvsagyqOlestqnfeehqmunqndim,
limeket,qbecu neqfsopuddnqmeteqnivemluoqcivvia,quahqluhqoiqbeqg utheh
ugusanoyqOlexqnlitodxqcuveqoiqiaequahqluhqoiqnoifyqSoqvsgloqbeqoltee
peeoqheef,qsoqvsgloqbequql ahteh--oleteqmunqaiqfunnsagqsoquoquaxqtuoey
Oivqgioqhimaqiaqlsnqbteunoquahqteuclehqunqputqhimaqunqleqci dhyqAi
biooivyqOlexqv noqnouxqoletequahqmusoq aosdqoleqneutcletnqcuveyqOlex
dsnoeaeh;qeksheaodxqoleqhsnouaoqnli osagnqmeteqgtimsagqviteqhsnouao!
uqviveaoqitqomiqvitequahqolexqluhqgiaequdoigeoletyqOleqleuto-nsarsag
vsnetxqipqso!qOivqmliifehq aosdqleqmunqliutne,qb oqsoqmunqipqaiq neyqLe
oudrehqlifep ddxqoiqBecrx;qb oquaqugeqipquajsi nqmusosagqfunnehquahqai
ni ahnqcuvequgusay

OleqclsdhteaqgtifehqolestqmuxqbucrqoiqoleqnftsagyqOleqmeutxqosveqhtuggeh
ia;qolexqndefoqugusa,quahqumireqpuvsnlehquahqmie-notscreayqOivqbedsekeh
soqv noqbeqO enhuxqbxqolsnqosvey

Aimquaqsheuqnot crqlsvyqOleteqmeteqniveqnsheqfunnugenqaeutquoqluahyqSo
mi dhqbeqbeooetqoiqejfditeqniveqipqoleneqoluaqbeutqoleqmesgloqipqole
leukxqosveqsaqshdeaennyqLeqoiirquqrsoe-dsaeqptivqlsnqficreo,qosehqsoqoi
uqftizecosia,quahqlequahqBecrxqnoutoeh,qOivqsaqoleqdeuh,q amsahsagqole
dsaequnqleqgtifehqudiagyqUoqoleqeahqipqomeaoxqnoefnqoleqcittshitqeaheh
saquq“z vfsag-ippqfducey”qOivqgioqhimaqiaqlsnqraeenquahqpedoqbedim,
uahqoleaqunqputquti ahqoleqcitaetqunqleqci dhqteuclqmsolqlsnqluahn
ciakeaseaodx;qleqvuhequaqeppitoqoiqnoteoclqxeoquqdsoodeqputoletqoiqole
tsglo,quahquoqoluoqviveao,qaioqomeaoxqxuthnqumux,quql vuaqluah,qlidhsag
uqcuahde,quffeutehqptivqbelsahquqticr!qOivqdspoehq fquqgditsi nqnli o,
uahqsanouaodxqoluoqluahqmunqpiddimehqbxqoleqbihxqsoqbediagehqoi--Saz a
Zie'n!qOivqmunqfutudx.eh;qleqci dhqaioqvikeyqLeqmunqkunodxqgtuospsehqole
aejoqviveao,qoiqneeqoleq“Nfuasuth”qoureqoiqlsnqleednquahqgeoqlsvnedpqi o
ipqnsgloyqOivqmiahetehqoluoqZieqluhqaioqtecigas.ehqlsnqkiscequahqcive
iketquahqrsddehqlsvqpitqoenospxsagqsaqci toyqB oqoleqeclienqv noqluke
hsng snehqoleqkisceyqMsoli oqhi bo,qoluoqmunqso,qleqteuniaehyqOiv'n
ptsgloqmeureaehqeketxqv ncdeqsaqlsnqbihxyqLeqnushqoiqlsvnedpqoluoqspqle
luhqnoteagolqeai glqoiqgeoqbucrqoiqoleqnftsagqleqmi dhqnouxqolete,quah
aiolsagqnli dhqoevfoqlsvqoiqt aqoleqtsnrqipqveeosagqSaz aqZiequgusayqLe
munqcutep dqoiqreefqptivqBecrxqmluoqsoqmunqleqluhqneeayqLeqoidhqletqle
luhqiadxqnli oehq“pitqd cry”

B oql agetquahqmteoclehaennqtsneqn fetsitqoiqpeutnqsaqoleqdiagqt ay
Uaioletqoehsi nqmusoquoqoleqnftsagquahquaioletqdiagqndeefqbti glo
cluagenyqOleqclsdhteaqumireqoito tehqmsolquqtugsagql agetyqOivqbedsekeh
oluoqsoqv noqbeqMehaenhuxqitqOl tnhuxqitqekeaqPtshuxqitqNuo thux,qaim,
uahqoluoqoleqneutclqluhqbeeaqgskeaqiketyqLeqftifinehqoiqejfditequaiolet
funnugeyqLeqpedoqmsddsagqoiqtsnrqSaz aqZiequahquddqioletqoettitnyqB o
BecrxqmunqketxqmeuryqNleqluhqn arqsaoiquqhteutxqufuolxquahqmi dhqaioqbe
ti nehyqNleqnushqnleqmi dhqmuso,qaim,qmleteqnleqmun,quahqhse--soqmi dh
aioqbeqdiagyqNleqoidhqOivqoiqgiqmsolqoleqrsoe-dsaequahqejfditeqspqle
cline;qb oqnleqsvfditehqlsvqoiqciveqbucrqeketxqdsoodeqmlsdequahqnfeur
oiqlet;quahqnleqvuheqlsvqftivsneqoluoqmleaqoleqump dqosveqcuve,qleqmi dh
nouxqbxqletquahqlidhqletqluahq aosdquddqmunqikety

Oivqrsnnehqlet,qmsolquqclirsagqneanuosiaqsaqlsnqoltiuo,quahqvuhequqnlim
ipqbesagqciapsheaoqipqpsahsagqoleqneutcletnqitquaqencufeqptivqoleqcuke;
oleaqleqoiirqoleqrsoe-dsaeqsaqlsnqluahquahqmeaoqgtifsagqhimaqiaeqipqole
funnugenqiaqlsnqluahnquahqraeen,qhsnotennehqmsolql agetquahqnscrqmsol
bihsagnqipqcivsagqhiivy




CLUFOETqJJJSS

O ENHUXqupoetaiiaqcuve,quahqmuaehqoiqoleqomsdsgloyqOleqksddugeqipqNoy
Feoetnb tgqnosddqvi taehyqOleqdinoqclsdhteaqluhqaioqbeeaqpi ahyqF bdsc
ftuxetnqluhqbeeaqippetehq fqpitqolev,quahqvuaxquahqvuaxquqftskuoeqftuxet
oluoqluhqoleqfeososiaet'nqmlideqleutoqsaqso;qb oqnosddqaiqgiihqaemnqcuve
ptivqoleqcukeyqOleqvuzitsoxqipqoleqneutcletnqluhqgskeaq fqoleqw eno
uahqgiaeqbucrqoiqolestqhusdxqukicuosian,qnuxsagqoluoqsoqmunqfdusaqole
clsdhteaqci dhqaeketqbeqpi ahyqVtnyqOluocletqmunqketxqsdd,quahquqgteuo
futoqipqoleqosveqhedstsi nyqFeifdeqnushqsoqmunqleutobteursagqoiqleutqlet
cuddqletqclsdh,quahqtusneqletqleuhquahqdsnoeaquqmlideqvsa oequoquqosve,
oleaqduxqsoqmeutsdxqhimaqugusaqmsolquqviuayqU aoqFiddxqluhqhtiifehqsaoi
uqneoodehqveduaclidx,quahqletqgtuxqlustqluhqgtimaqudvinoqmlsoeyqOle
ksddugeqmeaoqoiqsonqtenoqiaqO enhuxqasglo,qnuhquahqpitditay

Umuxqsaqoleqvshhdeqipqoleqasgloquqmsdhqfeudqb tnoqptivqoleqksdduge
beddn,quahqsaquqviveaoqoleqnoteeonqmeteqnmutvsagqmsolqptuaoscqludp-cduh
feifde,qmliqnli oeh,q“O taqi o!qo taqi o!qolex'teqpi ah!qolex'teqpi ah!”
qOsaqfuanquahqlitanqmetequhhehqoiqoleqhsa,qoleqfif duosiaqvunnehqsonedp
uahqvikehqoimuthqoleqtsket,qveoqoleqclsdhteaqcivsagqsaquaqifeaqcuttsuge
htumaqbxqnli osagqcsos.ean,qoltiagehquti ahqso,qzisaehqsonqlivemuth
vutcl,quahqnmefoqvugaspsceaodxq fqoleqvusaqnoteeoqtiutsagql ..ulqupoet
l ..ul!

Oleqksddugeqmunqsdd vsauoeh;qaibihxqmeaoqoiqbehqugusa;qsoqmunqole
gteuoenoqasgloqoleqdsoodeqoimaqluhqeketqneeayqH tsagqoleqpstnoqludp-li t
uqfticennsiaqipqksddugetnqpsdehqolti glqZ hgeqOluoclet'nqli ne,qnes.eh
oleqnukehqiaenquahqrsnnehqolev,qnw ee.ehqVtnyqOluoclet'nqluah,qotsehqoi
nfeurqb oqci dha'o--uahqhtspoehqi oqtusasagqoeutnquddqiketqoleqfducey

U aoqFiddx'nqluffsaennqmunqcivfdeoe,quahqVtnyqOluoclet'nqaeutdxqniyqSo
mi dhqbeqcivfdeoe,qlimeket,qunqniiaqunqoleqvenneagetqhsnfuoclehqmsolqole
gteuoqaemnqoiqoleqcukeqnli dhqgeoqoleqmithqoiqletql nbuahyqOivqduxq fia
uqnipuqmsolquaqeugetqu hsoitxqubi oqlsvquahqoidhqoleqlsnoitxqipqole
miahetp dquhkeao te,qf oosagqsaqvuaxqnotsrsagquhhsosianqoiquhitaqso
msolud;quahqcdinehqmsolquqhenctsfosiaqipqlimqleqdepoqBecrxquahqmeao
iaquaqejfditsagqejfehsosia;qlimqleqpiddimehqomiqukea enqunqputqunqlsn
rsoe-dsaeqmi dhqteucl;qlimqleqpiddimehquqolsthqoiqoleqp ddenoqnoteocl
ipqoleqrsoe-dsae,quahqmunqubi oqoiqo taqbucrqmleaqleqgdsvfnehquqput-ipp
nfecrqoluoqdiirehqdsreqhuxdsglo;qhtiffehqoleqdsaequahqgtifehqoimuthqso,
f nlehqlsnqleuhquahqnli dhetnqolti glquqnvuddqlide,quahqnumqoleqbtiuh
Vsnnsnnsffsqtiddsagqbx!

Uahqspqsoqluhqiadxqluffeaehqoiqbeqasgloqleqmi dhqaioqlukeqneeaqoluo
nfecrqipqhuxdsgloquahqmi dhqaioqlukeqejfditehqoluoqfunnugequaxqvite!qLe
oidhqlimqleqmeaoqbucrqpitqBecrxquahqbtireqoleqgiihqaemnquahqnleqoidh
lsvqaioqoiqpteoqletqmsolqn clqno pp,qpitqnleqmunqosteh,quahqraemqnleqmun
gisagqoiqhse,quahqmuaoehqoiyqLeqhenctsbehqlimqleqdubitehqmsolqletquah
ciaksacehqlet;quahqlimqnlequdvinoqhsehqpitqzixqmleaqnleqluhqgtifehqoi
mleteqnlequco uddxqnumqoleqbd eqnfecrqipqhuxdsglo;qlimqleqf nlehqlsnqmux
i oquoqoleqlidequahqoleaqledfehqletqi o;qlimqolexqnuoqoletequahqctseh
pitqgduhaenn;qlimqniveqveaqcuvequdiagqsaquqnrsppquahqOivqlusdehqolev
uahqoidhqolevqolestqnso uosiaquahqolestqpuvsnlehqciahsosia;qlimqoleqvea
hsha'oqbedsekeqoleqmsdhqoudequoqpstno,q“becu ne,”qnushqolex,q“xi qute
pskeqvsdenqhimaqoleqtsketqbedimqoleqkuddexqoleqcukeqsnqsa”--oleaqoiir
olevqubiuth,qtimehqoiquqli ne,qgukeqolevqn ffet,qvuheqolevqtenoqosddqomi
itqolteeqli tnqupoetqhutrquahqoleaqbti gloqolevqlivey

Bepiteqhux-huma,qZ hgeqOluocletquahqoleqluahp dqipqneutcletnqmsolqlsv
meteqotucrehqi o,qsaqoleqcuke,qbxqoleqomsaeqcdemnqolexqluhqnot agqbelsah
olev,quahqsapitvehqipqoleqgteuoqaemny

Olteeqhuxnquahqasglonqipqoisdquahql agetqsaqoleqcukeqmeteqaioqoi
beqnlureaqippquoqiace,qunqOivquahqBecrxqniiaqhsnciketehyqOlexqmete
behtshheaquddqipqMehaenhuxquahqOl tnhux,quahqneevehqoiqgtimqvitequah
viteqostehquahqmita,quddqoleqosveyqOivqgioqubi o,quqdsoode,qiaqOl tnhux,
munqhimaoimaqPtshux,quahqaeutdxqunqmlidequnqeketqNuo thux;qb oqBecrx
hshqaioqdeukeqletqtiivq aosdqN ahux,quahqoleaqnleqdiirehqunqspqnleqluh
funnehqolti glquqmunosagqsddaenny

OivqdeutaehqipqL cr'nqnscraennquahqmeaoqoiqneeqlsvqiaqPtshux,qb oqci dh
aioqbequhvsooehqoiqoleqbehtiiv;qaesoletqci dhqleqiaqNuo thuxqitqN ahuxy
Leqmunquhvsooehqhusdxqupoetqoluo,qb oqmunqmutaehqoiqreefqnosddqubi oqlsn
uhkeao tequahqsaotih ceqaiqejcsosagqoifscyqOleqMshimqHi gdunqnouxehqbx
oiqneeqoluoqleqibexehyqUoqliveqOivqdeutaehqipqoleqCuthsppqLsddqekeao;
udniqoluoqoleq“tuggehqvua'n”qbihxqluhqekeao uddxqbeeaqpi ahqsaqoleqtsket
aeutqoleqpettx-duahsag;qleqluhqbeeaqhtimaehqmlsdeqotxsagqoiqencufe,
fetlufny

Ubi oquqpitoasgloqupoetqOiv'nqtenc eqptivqoleqcuke,qleqnoutoehqippqoi
ksnsoqL cr,qmliqluhqgtimaqfdeaoxqnotiagqeai gl,qaim,qoiqleutqejcsosag
oudr,quahqOivqluhqniveqoluoqmi dhqsaoetenoqlsv,qleqoli gloyqZ hge
Oluoclet'nqli neqmunqiaqOiv'nqmux,quahqleqnoiffehqoiqneeqBecrxyqOle
Z hgequahqniveqptseahnqneoqOivqoiqoudrsag,quahqniveqiaequnrehqlsv
stiascuddxqspqleqmi dha'oqdsreqoiqgiqoiqoleqcukequgusayqOivqnushqle
oli gloqleqmi dha'oqvsahqsoyqOleqZ hgeqnush:

“Medd,qoletequteqioletnqz noqdsreqxi ,qOiv,qS'keqaioqoleqdeunoqhi boy
B oqmeqlukeqoureaqcuteqipqoluoyqAibihxqmsddqgeoqdinoqsaqoluoqcukequax
vitey”

“Mlx?”

“Becu neqSqluhqsonqbsgqhiitqnleuolehqmsolqbisdetqstiaqomiqmeernqugi,quah
otsfde-dicreh--uahqS'keqgioqoleqrexny”

Oivqo taehqunqmlsoequnquqnleeoy

“Mluo'nqoleqvuooet,qbix!qLete,qt a,qnivebihx!qPeoclquqgdunnqipqmuoet!”

Oleqmuoetqmunqbti gloquahqoltimaqsaoiqOiv'nqpucey

“Ul,qaimqxi 'tequddqtsgloyqMluoqmunqoleqvuooetqmsolqxi ,qOiv?”

“Il,qZ hge,qSaz aqZie'nqsaqoleqcuke!”




CLUFOETqJJJSSS

MSOLSAquqpemqvsa oenqoleqaemnqluhqnfteuh,quahquqhi.eaqnrspp-diuhnqip
veaqmeteqiaqolestqmuxqoiqVcHi gud'nqcuke,quahqoleqpettxbiuo,qmeddqpsddeh
msolqfunneagetn,qniiaqpiddimehyqOivqNumxetqmunqsaqoleqnrsppqoluoqbite
Z hgeqOluoclety

Mleaqoleqcukeqhiitqmunq adicreh,quqnittimp dqnsgloqfteneaoehqsonedpqsa
oleqhsvqomsdsgloqipqoleqfduceyqSaz aqZieqduxqnoteoclehq fiaqoleqgti ah,
heuh,qmsolqlsnqpuceqcdineqoiqoleqctucrqipqoleqhiit,qunqspqlsnqdiagsag
exenqluhqbeeaqpsjeh,qoiqoleqduoenoqviveao,q fiaqoleqdsgloquahqoleqcleet
ipqoleqpteeqmitdhqi onsheyqOivqmunqoi cleh,qpitqleqraemqbxqlsnqima
ejfetseaceqlimqolsnqmteoclqluhqn ppetehyqLsnqfsoxqmunqvikeh,qb o
aeketoledennqleqpedoquaqubi ahsagqneaneqipqtedsepquahqnec tsox,qaim,
mlsclqtekeudehqoiqlsvqsaquqhegteeqmlsclqleqluhqaioqp ddxqufftecsuoeh
bepiteqlimqkunoquqmesgloqipqhteuhqluhqbeeaqdxsagq fiaqlsvqnsaceqoleqhux
leqdspoehqlsnqkiscequgusanoqolsnqbdiihx-vsahehqi ocunoy

Saz aqZie'nqbimse-raspeqduxqcdineqbx,qsonqbduheqbtireaqsaqomiyqOleqgteuo
pi ahuosia-beuvqipqoleqhiitqluhqbeeaqclsffehquahqlucrehqolti gl,qmsol
oehsi nqdubit;q nedennqdubit,qoii,qsoqmun,qpitqoleqauoskeqticrqpitvehqu
nsddqi onsheqso,quahq fiaqoluoqno bbitaqvuoetsudqoleqraspeqluhqmti glo
aiqeppeco;qoleqiadxqhuvugeqhiaeqmunqoiqoleqraspeqsonedpyqB oqspqolete
luhqbeeaqaiqnoiaxqibnot cosiaqoleteqoleqdubitqmi dhqlukeqbeeaq nedenn
nosdd,qpitqspqoleqbeuvqluhqbeeaqmliddxqc oqumuxqSaz aqZieqci dhqaioqluke
nw ee.ehqlsnqbihxq ahetqoleqhiit,quahqleqraemqsoyqNiqleqluhqiadxqlucreh
oluoqfduceqsaqithetqoiqbeqhisagqniveolsag--saqithetqoiqfunnqoleqmeutx
osve--saqithetqoiqevfdixqlsnqoito tehqpuc dosenyqIthsautsdxqiaeqci dh
psahqludpquqhi.eaqbsonqipqcuahdeqno crquti ahqsaqoleqctekscenqipqolsn
kenosb de,qdepoqoleteqbxqoi tsnon;qb oqoleteqmeteqaiaeqaimyqOleqftsniaet
luhqneutclehqolevqi oquahqeuoeaqolevyqLeqluhqudniqciaotskehqoiqcuoclqu
pemqbuon,quahqolene,qudni,qleqluhqeuoea,qdeuksagqiadxqolestqcdumnyqOle
fiitq apito auoeqluhqnoutkehqoiqheuolyqSaqiaeqfduce,qaeutquoqluah,qu
noudugvsoeqluhqbeeaqndimdxqgtimsagq fqptivqoleqgti ahqpitqugen,qb sdheh
bxqoleqmuoet-htsfqptivquqnouducosoeqiketleuhyqOleqcufoskeqluhqbtireaqipp
oleqnoudugvsoe,quahq fiaqoleqno vfqluhqfducehquqnoiae,qmletesaqleqluh
nciifehquqnluddimqliddimqoiqcuoclqoleqftecsi nqhtifqoluoqpeddqiace
saqeketxqolteeqvsa oenqmsolqoleqhteutxqteg dutsoxqipquqcdicr-oscr--u
hennetonfiiap dqiaceqsaqpi tquahqomeaoxqli tnyqOluoqhtifqmunqpuddsag
mleaqoleqFxtuvshnqmeteqaem;qmleaqOtixqpedd;qmleaqoleqpi ahuosianqipqTive
meteqdush;qmleaqCltsnoqmunqct cspseh;qmleaqoleqCiaw etitqcteuoehqole
Btsosnlqevfste;qmleaqCid vb nqnusdeh;qmleaqoleqvunnuctequoqDejsagoiaqmun
“aemny”

Soqsnqpuddsagqaim;qsoqmsddqnosddqbeqpuddsagqmleaquddqoleneqolsagnqnludd
lukeqn arqhimaqolequpoetaiiaqipqlsnoitx,quahqoleqomsdsgloqipqotuhsosia,
uahqbeeaqnmuddimehq fqsaqoleqolscrqasgloqipqibdsksiayqLunqeketxolsagqu
f tfinequahquqvsnnsia?qHshqolsnqhtifqpuddqfuoseaodxqh tsagqpskeqoli nuah
xeutnqoiqbeqteuhxqpitqolsnqpdsoosagql vuaqsaneco'nqaeeh?quahqlunqso
uaioletqsvfitouaoqibzecoqoiquccivfdsnlqoeaqoli nuahqxeutnqoiqcive?qAi
vuooetyqSoqsnqvuaxquahqvuaxquqxeutqnsaceqoleqlufdennqludp-bteehqnciifeh
i oqoleqnoiaeqoiqcuoclqoleqftscedennqhtifn,qb oqoiqolsnqhuxqoleqoi tsno
noutenqdiagenoquoqoluoqfuoleoscqnoiaequahqoluoqndim-htiffsagqmuoetqmlea
leqcivenqoiqneeqoleqmiahetnqipqVcHi gud'nqcukeyqSaz aqZie'nqc fqnouahn
pstnoqsaqoleqdsnoqipqoleqcuketa'nqvutkedn;qekeaq“Uduhhsa'nqFuduce”
qcuaaioqtskudqsoy

Saz aqZieqmunqb tsehqaeutqoleqvi olqipqoleqcuke;quahqfeifdeqpdicreh
oleteqsaqbiuonquahqmugianqptivqoleqoimanquahqptivquddqoleqputvnquah
luvdeonqpitqnekeaqvsdenquti ah;qolexqbti gloqolestqclsdhtea,quah
uddqnitonqipqftiksnsian,quahqciapennehqoluoqolexqluhqluhqudvinoqun
nuosnpucoitxquqosvequoqoleqp aetudqunqolexqci dhqlukeqluhquoqole
luagsagy

Olsnqp aetudqnoiffehqoleqp toletqgtimolqipqiaeqolsag--oleqfeososiaqoiqole
giketaitqpitqSaz aqZie'nqfuthiayqOleqfeososiaqluhqbeeaqdutgedxqnsgaeh;
vuaxqoeutp dquahqediw eaoqveeosagnqluhqbeeaqledh,quahquqcivvsooeeqip
nuffxqmiveaqbeeaquffisaoehqoiqgiqsaqheefqvi tasagquahqmusdquti ahqole
giketait,quahqsvfditeqlsvqoiqbequqvetcsp dqunnquahqotuvfdeqlsnqh ox
 ahetqpiioyqSaz aqZieqmunqbedsekehqoiqlukeqrsddehqpskeqcsos.eanqipqole
ksdduge,qb oqmluoqipqoluo?qSpqleqluhqbeeaqNuouaqlsvnedpqoleteqmi dh
lukeqbeeaqfdeaoxqipqmeurdsagnqteuhxqoiqnctsbbdeqolestqauvenqoiqu
futhia-feososia,quahqhtsfquqoeutqiaqsoqptivqolestqfetvuaeaodxqsvfusteh
uahqdeurxqmuoet-mitrny

Oleqvitasagqupoetqoleqp aetudqOivqoiirqL crqoiquqftskuoeqfduceqoiqluke
uaqsvfitouaoqoudryqL crqluhqdeutaehquddqubi oqOiv'nquhkeao teqptivqole
MednlvuaquahqoleqMshimqHi gdun,qbxqolsnqosve,qb oqOivqnushqleqtecriaeh
oleteqmunqiaeqolsagqolexqluhqaioqoidhqlsv;qoluoqolsagqmunqmluoqleqmuaoeh
oiqoudrqubi oqaimyqL cr'nqpuceqnuhheaehyqLeqnush:

“SqraimqmluoqsoqsnyqXi qgioqsaoiqAiyq2quahqaeketqpi ahquaxolsagqb o
mlsnrexyqAibihxqoidhqveqsoqmunqxi ;qb oqSqz noqraimehqsoqv noq'u'qbea
xi ,qniiaqunqSqleuthq'bi oqoluoqmlsnrexqb nsaenn;quahqSqraimehqxi 
luha'oqgioqoleqviaexqbec .qxi 'hq'u'qgioquoqveqniveqmuxqitqioletquah
oidhqveqekeaqspqxi qmunqv vqoiqeketxbihxqedneyqOiv,qniveolsag'nqudmuxn
oidhqveqme'hqaeketqgeoqlidoqipqoluoqnmugy”

“Mlx,qL cr,qSqaeketqoidhqiaqoluoqouketa-reefetyq_Xi _qraimqlsnqouketa
munquddqtsgloqoleqNuo thuxqSqmeaoqoiqoleqfscascyqHia'oqxi qtevevbetqxi 
munqoiqmuoclqoleteqoluoqasglo?”

“Ilqxen!qMlx,qsoqneevnq'bi oquqxeutqugiyqSoqmunqoluoqketxqasgloqoluoqS
piddetehqSaz aqZieqoiqoleqmshhet'ny”

“_Xi _qpiddimehqlsv?”

“Xen--b oqxi qreefqv vyqSqtecriaqSaz aqZie'nqdepoqptseahnqbelsahqlsv,quah
Sqhia'oqmuaoq'evqni tsagqiaqvequahqhisagqveqveuaqotscrnyqSpqsoqluha'o
beaqpitqveqle'hqbeqhimaqsaqOejunqaim,quddqtsgloy”

OleaqL crqoidhqlsnqeaostequhkeao teqsaqciapsheaceqoiqOiv,qmliqluhqiadx
leuthqipqoleqMednlvua'nqfutoqipqsoqbepitey

“Medd,”qnushqL cr,qfteneaodx,qcivsagqbucrqoiqoleqvusaqw enosia,q“mlieket
asffehqoleqmlsnrexqsaqAiyq2,qasffehqoleqviaex,qoii,qSqtecria--uaxmuxn
so'nquqgiaetqpitq n,qOivy”

“L cr,qoluoqviaexqmuna'oqeketqsaqAiyq2!”

“Mluo!”qL crqneutclehqlsnqcivtuhe'nqpuceqreeadxyq“Oiv,qlukeqxi qgioqia
oleqotucrqipqoluoqviaexqugusa?”

“L cr,qso'nqsaqoleqcuke!”

L cr'nqexenqbdu.ehy

“Nuxqsoqugusa,qOivy”

“Oleqviaex'nqsaqoleqcuke!”

“Oiv--liaenoqsaz a,qaim--snqsoqp a,qitqeutaeno?”

“Eutaeno,qL cr--z noqunqeutaenoqunqeketqSqmunqsaqvxqdspeyqMsddqxi qgiqsa
oleteqmsolqvequahqledfqgeoqsoqi o?”

“SqbeoqSqmsdd!qSqmsddqspqso'nqmleteqmeqcuaqbdu.eqi tqmuxqoiqsoquahqaio
geoqdinoy”

“L cr,qmeqcuaqhiqoluoqmsoli oqoleqdeunoqdsoodeqbsoqipqoti bdeqsaqole
mitdhy”

“Giihqunqmleuo!qMluoqvurenqxi qolsarqoleqviaex'n--”

“L cr,qxi qz noqmusoqosddqmeqgeoqsaqoleteyqSpqmeqhia'oqpsahqsoqS'dd
ugteeqoiqgskeqxi qvxqht vquahqeketxqolsagqS'keqgioqsaqoleqmitdhyqSqmsdd,
bxqzsagny”

“Uddqtsglo--so'nquqmls.yqMleaqhiqxi qnux?”

“Tsgloqaim,qspqxi qnuxqsoyqUteqxi qnotiagqeai gl?”

“Snqsoqputqsaqoleqcuke?qSqbeaqiaqvxqfsanquqdsoode,qolteeqitqpi tqhuxn,
aim,qb oqSqcua'oqmudrqvite'aquqvsde,qOiv--deunoqSqhia'oqolsarqSqci dhy”

“So'nqubi oqpskeqvsdeqsaoiqoleteqoleqmuxquaxbihxqb oqveqmi dhqgi,qL cr,
b oqolete'nquqvsgloxqnlitoqc oqoluoqolexqhia'oquaxbihxqb oqveqraim
ubi oyqL cr,qS'ddqoureqxi qtsgloqoiqsoqsaquqnrsppyqS'ddqpdiuoqoleqnrspp
himaqolete,quahqS'ddqf ddqsoqbucrqugusaquddqbxqvxnedpyqXi qaeeha'oqeket
o taqxi tqluahqikety”

“Dennqnoutoqtsgloqipp,qOivy”

“UddqtsgloyqMeqmuaoqniveqbteuhquahqveuo,quahqi tqfsfen,quahquqdsoode
bugqitqomi,quahqomiqitqolteeqrsoe-notsagn,quahqniveqipqoleneqaem-puagdeh
olsagnqolexqcuddqd cspetqvuoclenyqSqoeddqxi ,qvuax'nqoleqosveqSqmsnlehqS
luhqniveqmleaqSqmunqsaqoleteqbepitey”

Uqotspdequpoetqaiiaqoleqbixnqbittimehquqnvuddqnrsppqptivquqcsos.eaqmli
munqubneao,quahqgioq ahetqmuxquoqiaceyqMleaqolexqmeteqneketudqvsden
bedimq“CukeqLiddim,”qOivqnush:

“Aimqxi qneeqolsnqbd ppqleteqdiirnquddqudsrequddqoleqmuxqhimaqptivqole
cukeqliddim--aiqli nen,qaiqmiih-xuthn,qb nlenquddqudsreyqB oqhiqxi qnee
oluoqmlsoeqfduceq fqxiahetqmleteqolete'nqbeeaquqduahndshe?qMedd,qoluo'n
iaeqipqvxqvutrnyqMe'ddqgeoqunlite,qaimy”

Olexqduahehy

“Aim,qL cr,qmleteqme'tequ-nouahsagqxi qci dhqoi clqoluoqlideqSqgioqi o
ipqmsolquqpsnlsag-fideyqNeeqspqxi qcuaqpsahqsoy”

L crqneutclehquddqoleqfducequbi o,quahqpi ahqaiolsagyqOivqfti hdx
vutclehqsaoiquqolscrqcd vfqipqn vuclqb nlenquahqnush:

“Leteqxi qute!qDiirquoqso,qL cr;qso'nqoleqna ggenoqlideqsaqolsnqci aotxy
Xi qz noqreefqv vqubi oqsoyqUddqudiagqS'keqbeeaqmuaosagqoiqbequqtibbet,
b oqSqraemqS'hqgioqoiqlukequqolsagqdsreqolsn,quahqmleteqoiqt aquctinn
soqmunqoleqbioletyqMe'keqgioqsoqaim,quahqme'ddqreefqsoqw seo,qiadxqme'dd
deoqZieqLutfetquahqBeaqTigetnqsa--becu neqipqci tneqolete'nqgioqoiqbequ
Guag,qitqedneqoleteqmi dha'oqbequaxqnoxdequbi oqsoyqOivqNumxet'nqGuag--so
ni ahnqnfdeahsh,qhia'oqso,qL cr?”

“Medd,qsoqz noqhien,qOivyqUahqmli'ddqmeqtib?”

“Il,qvinoquaxbihxyqMuxduxqfeifde--oluo'nqvinodxqoleqmuxy”

“Uahqrsddqolev?”

“Ai,qaioqudmuxnyqLskeqolevqsaqoleqcukeqosddqolexqtusnequqtuanivy”

“Mluo'nquqtuaniv?”

“ViaexyqXi qvureqolevqtusnequddqolexqcua,qipp'aqolestqptseahn;quahqupoet
xi 'keqrefoqolevquqxeut,qspqsoqusa'oqtusnehqoleaqxi qrsddqolevyqOluo'n
oleqgeaetudqmuxyqIadxqxi qhia'oqrsddqoleqmiveayqXi qnl oq fqoleqmivea,
b oqxi qhia'oqrsddqolevyqOlex'tequdmuxnqbeu osp dquahqtscl,quahqump ddx
ncutehyqXi qoureqolestqmuoclenquahqolsagn,qb oqxi qudmuxnqoureqxi tqluo
ippquahqoudrqfidsoeyqOlexqusa'oquaxbihxqunqfidsoequnqtibbetn--xi 'ddqnee
oluoqsaquaxqbiiryqMedd,qoleqmiveaqgeoqoiqdiksagqxi ,quahqupoetqolex'ke
beeaqsaqoleqcukequqmeerqitqomiqmeernqolexqnoifqctxsagquahqupoetqoluo
xi qci dha'oqgeoqolevqoiqdeukeyqSpqxi qhtikeqolevqi oqolex'hqo taqtsglo
uti ahquahqciveqbucryqSo'nqniqsaquddqoleqbiirny”

“Mlx,qso'nqteudqb ddx,qOivyqSqbedsekeqso'nqbeooet'aqoiqbequqfstuoey”

“Xen,qso'nqbeooetqsaqniveqmuxn,qbecu neqso'nqcdineqoiqlivequahqcstc nen
uahquddqoluoy”

Bxqolsnqosveqeketxolsagqmunqteuhxquahqoleqbixnqeaoetehqoleqlide,qOivqsa
oleqdeuhyqOlexqoisdehqolestqmuxqoiqoleqputoletqeahqipqoleqo aaed,qolea
vuheqolestqnfdscehqrsoe-notsagnqpunoquahqvikehqiayqUqpemqnoefnqbti glo
olevqoiqoleqnftsag,quahqOivqpedoquqnl hhetqw sketquddqolti glqlsvy
LeqnlimehqL crqoleqptugveaoqipqcuahde-mscrqfetclehqiaquqd vfqipqcdux
ugusanoqoleqmudd,quahqhenctsbehqlimqlequahqBecrxqluhqmuoclehqoleqpduve
not ggdequahqejfstey

Oleqbixnqbeguaqoiqw seoqhimaqoiqmlsnfetn,qaim,qpitqoleqnosddaennquah
gdiivqipqoleqfduceqifftennehqolestqnfstsonyqOlexqmeaoqia,quahqfteneaodx
eaoetehquahqpiddimehqOiv'nqioletqcittshitq aosdqolexqteuclehqole
“z vfsag-ippqfducey”qOleqcuahdenqtekeudehqoleqpucoqoluoqsoqmunqaio
teuddxquqftecsfsce,qb oqiadxquqnoeefqcduxqlsddqomeaoxqitqolstoxqpeeo
lsglyqOivqmlsnfeteh:

“AimqS'ddqnlimqxi qniveolsag,qL cry”

Leqledhqlsnqcuahdequdipoquahqnush:

“Diirqunqputquti ahqoleqcitaetqunqxi qcuayqHiqxi qneeqoluo?qOlete--iaqole
bsgqticrqiketqxiahet--hiaeqmsolqcuahde-nvirey”

“Oiv,qso'nquq_ctinn_!”

“_Aim_qmlete'nqxi tqA vbetqOmi?q'_ ahetqoleqctinn_,'qlex?qTsgloqxiahet'n
mleteqSqnumqSaz aqZieqfireq fqlsnqcuahde,qL cr!”

L crqnoutehquoqoleqvxnoscqnsgaqumlsde,quahqoleaqnushqmsolquqnlurxqkisce:

“Oiv,qdennqgsoqi oqipqlete!”

“Mluo!quahqdeukeqoleqoteun te?”

“Xen--deukeqsoyqSaz aqZie'nqglinoqsnqti ahqubi oqolete,qcetousay”

“Aiqsoqusa'o,qL cr,qaiqsoqusa'oyqSoqmi dhqlu'aoqoleqfduceqmleteqle
hseh--umuxqi oquoqoleqvi olqipqoleqcuke--pskeqvsdeqptivqletey”

“Ai,qOiv,qsoqmi dha'oyqSoqmi dhqluagqti ahqoleqviaexyqSqraimqoleqmuxnqip
glinon,quahqniqhiqxi y”

OivqbeguaqoiqpeutqoluoqL crqmunqtsgloyqVsn-gsksagnqguoletehqsaqlsnqvsahy
B oqfteneaodxquaqsheuqicc ttehqoiqlsv--

“Diirxlete,qL cr,qmluoqpiidnqme'teqvursagqipqi tnedken!qSaz aqZie'n
glinoqusa'oquqgisagqoiqcivequti ahqmleteqolete'nquqctinn!”

OleqfisaoqmunqmeddqoureayqSoqluhqsonqeppecoy

“Oiv,qSqhsha'oqolsarqipqoluoyqB oqoluo'nqniyqSo'nqd crqpitq n,qoluo
ctinnqsnyqSqtecriaqme'ddqcdsvbqhimaqoletequahqlukequql aoqpitqoluoqbijy”

Oivqmeaoqpstno,qc oosagqt heqnoefnqsaqoleqcduxqlsddqunqleqhenceahehy
L crqpiddimehyqPi tqukea enqifeaehqi oqipqoleqnvuddqcuketaqmlsclqole
gteuoqticrqnoiihqsayqOleqbixnqejuvsaehqolteeqipqolevqmsolqaiqten doy
Olexqpi ahquqnvuddqtecennqsaqoleqiaeqaeutenoqoleqbuneqipqoleqticr,qmsol
uqfuddeoqipqbduareonqnfteuhqhimaqsaqso;qudniquaqidhqn nfeahet,qnive
buciaqtsah,quahqoleqmedd-gaumehqbiaenqipqomiqitqolteeqpimdnyqB oqolete
munqaiqviaexbijyqOleqduhnqneutclehquahqteneutclehqolsnqfduce,qb oqsa
kusayqOivqnush:

“Leqnushq_ ahet_qoleqctinnyqMedd,qolsnqcivenqaeutenoqoiqbesagq ahetqole
ctinnyqSoqcua'oqbeq ahetqoleqticrqsonedp,qbecu neqoluoqneonqnidshqiaqole
gti ahy”

Olexqneutclehqeketxmleteqiaceqvite,quahqoleaqnuoqhimaqhsnci tugehyqL cr
ci dhqn ggenoqaiolsagyqBx-uah-bxqOivqnush:

“Diirxlete,qL cr,qolete'nqpiioftsaonquahqniveqcuahde-gteuneqiaqoleqcdux
ubi oqiaeqnsheqipqolsnqticr,qb oqaioqiaqoleqioletqnshenyqAim,qmluo'n
oluoqpit?qSqbeoqxi qoleqviaexq_sn_q ahetqoleqticryqS'vqgisagqoiqhsgqsa
oleqcduxy”

“Oluoqusa'oqaiqbuhqaiosia,qOiv!”qnushqL crqmsolquasvuosiay

Oiv'nq“teudqButdim”qmunqi oquoqiace,quahqleqluhqaioqh gqpi tqsaclen
bepiteqleqnot crqmiihy

“Lex,qL cr!--xi qleutqoluo?”

L crqbeguaqoiqhsgquahqnctuoclqaimyqNiveqbiuthnqmeteqniiaq aciketehquah
tevikehyqOlexqluhqciaceudehquqauo tudqclunvqmlsclqdehq ahetqoleqticry
Oivqgioqsaoiqolsnquahqledhqlsnqcuahdequnqputq ahetqoleqticrqunqle
ci dh,qb oqnushqleqci dhqaioqneeqoiqoleqeahqipqoleqtspoyqLeqftifineh
oiqejfditeyqLeqnoiifehquahqfunnehq ahet;qoleqauttimqmuxqhenceaheh
gtuh uddxyqLeqpiddimehqsonqmsahsagqci tne,qpstnoqoiqoleqtsglo,qoleaqoi
oleqdepo,qL crquoqlsnqleednyqOivqo taehquqnlitoqc tke,qbx-uah-bx,quah
ejcdusveh:

“Vxqgiihaenn,qL cr,qdiirxlete!”

Soqmunqoleqoteun te-bij,qn teqeai gl,qicc fxsagquqna gqdsoodeqcuketa,
udiagqmsolquaqevfoxqfimhet-reg,quqci fdeqipqg anqsaqdeuoletqcunen,qomi
itqolteeqfustnqipqidhqviccunsan,quqdeuoletqbedo,quahqniveqioletqt bbsnl
meddqniurehqmsolqoleqmuoet-htsfy

“Gioqsoquoqduno!”qnushqL cr,qfdi glsagquviagqoleqoutasnlehqcisanqmsol
lsnqluahyq“Vx,qb oqme'teqtscl,qOiv!”

“L cr,qSqudmuxnqtecriaehqme'hqgeoqsoyqSo'nqz noqoiiqgiihqoiqbedseke,qb o
meq_luke_qgioqso,qn te!qNux--deo'nqaioqpiidquti ahqleteyqDeo'nqnaureqso
i oyqDevveqneeqspqSqcuaqdspoqoleqbijy”

Soqmesglehqubi oqpspoxqfi ahnyqOivqci dhqdspoqso,qupoetquaqumrmuth
punlsia,qb oqci dhqaioqcuttxqsoqciakeaseaodxy

“Sqoli gloqni,”qleqnush;q“_Olex_qcuttsehqsoqdsreqsoqmunqleukx,qoluoqhux
uoqoleqlu'aoehqli neyqSqaioscehqoluoyqSqtecriaqSqmunqtsgloqoiqolsarqip
peoclsagqoleqdsoodeqbugnqudiagy”

Oleqviaexqmunqniiaqsaqoleqbugnquahqoleqbixnqoiirqsoq fqoiqoleqctinn
ticry

“Aimqdennqpeoclqoleqg anquahqolsagn,”qnushqL cry

“Ai,qL cr--deukeqolevqoleteyqOlex'teqz noqoleqotscrnqoiqlukeqmleaqme
giqoiqtibbsagyqMe'ddqreefqolevqoletequddqoleqosve,quahqme'ddqlidhqi t
itgsenqolete,qoiiyqSo'nquaqump dqna gqfduceqpitqitgseny”

“Mluoqitgsen?”

“SqhiaiyqB oqtibbetnqudmuxnqlukeqitgsen,quahqipqci tneqme'keqgioqoi
lukeqolev,qoiiyqCivequdiag,qL cr,qme'keqbeeaqsaqletequqdiagqosveyqSo'n
geoosagqduoe,qSqtecriayqS'vql agtx,qoiiyqMe'ddqeuoquahqnvireqmleaqmeqgeo
oiqoleqnrsppy”

Olexqfteneaodxqevetgehqsaoiqoleqcd vfqipqn vuclqb nlen,qdiirehqmutsdx
i o,qpi ahqoleqciunoqcdeut,quahqmeteqniiaqd aclsagquahqnvirsagqsaqole
nrsppyqUnqoleqn aqhsffehqoimuthqoleqlits.iaqolexqf nlehqi oquahqgio
 ahetqmuxyqOivqnrsvvehq fqoleqnliteqolti glqoleqdiagqomsdsglo,qcluoosag
cleetsdxqmsolqL cr,quahqduahehqnlitodxqupoetqhutry

“Aim,qL cr,”qnushqOiv,q“me'ddqlsheqoleqviaexqsaqoleqdipoqipqoleqmshim'n
miihnleh,quahqS'ddqciveq fqsaqoleqvitasagquahqme'ddqci aoqsoquahqhskshe,
uahqoleaqme'ddql aoq fquqfduceqi oqsaqoleqmiihnqpitqsoqmleteqsoqmsddqbe
nupeyqZ noqxi qduxqw seoqletequahqmuoclqoleqno ppqosddqSqt aquahqliir
BeaaxqOuxdit'nqdsoodeqmugia;qSqmia'oqbeqgiaequqvsa oey”

Leqhsnuffeuteh,quahqfteneaodxqteo taehqmsolqoleqmugia,qf oqoleqomiqnvudd
nucrnqsaoiqso,qoltemqniveqidhqtugnqiaqoifqipqolev,quahqnoutoehqipp,
htuggsagqlsnqcutgiqbelsahqlsvyqMleaqoleqbixnqteuclehqoleqMednlvua'n
li ne,qolexqnoiffehqoiqtenoyqZ noqunqolexqmetequbi oqoiqvikeqia,qole
Mednlvuaqnoeffehqi oquahqnush:

“Luddi,qmli'nqoluo?”

“L crquahqOivqNumxety”

“Giih!qCivequdiagqmsolqve,qbixn,qxi quteqreefsagqeketxbihxqmusosagy
Lete--l ttxq f,qotioquleuh--S'ddqlu dqoleqmugiaqpitqxi yqMlx,qso'nqaioqun
dsgloqunqsoqvsgloqbeyqGioqbtscrnqsaqso?--itqidhqveoud?”

“Idhqveoud,”qnushqOivy

“Sqz hgehqni;qoleqbixnqsaqolsnqoimaqmsddqoureqviteqoti bdequahqpiidqumux
viteqosveql aosagq fqnsjqbson'qmitolqipqidhqstiaqoiqneddqoiqoleqpi ahtx
oluaqolexqmi dhqoiqvureqomsceqoleqviaexquoqteg dutqmitryqB oqoluo'n
l vuaqauo te--l ttxqudiag,ql ttxqudiag!”

Oleqbixnqmuaoehqoiqraimqmluoqoleql ttxqmunqubi oy

“Aeketqvsah;qxi 'ddqnee,qmleaqmeqgeoqoiqoleqMshimqHi gdun'y”

L crqnushqmsolqnivequffteleansia--pitqleqmunqdiagq nehqoiqbesagqpudnedx
ucc neh:

“VtyqZiaen,qmeqlukea'oqbeeaqhisagqaiolsagy”

OleqMednlvuaqdu glehy

“Medd,qSqhia'oqraim,qL cr,qvxqbixyqSqhia'oqraimqubi oqoluoyqUsa'oqxi 
uahqoleqmshimqgiihqptseahn?”

“XenyqMedd,qnle'nqbeaqgiihqptseahnqoiqve,quaxmuxy”

“Uddqtsglo,qoleayqMluoqhiqxi qmuaoqoiqbequptushqpit?”

Olsnqw enosiaqmunqaioqeaostedxquanmetehqsaqL cr'nqndimqvsahqbepiteqle
pi ahqlsvnedpqf nleh,qudiagqmsolqOiv,qsaoiqVtnyqHi gdun'qhtumsag-tiivy
VtyqZiaenqdepoqoleqmugiaqaeutqoleqhiitquahqpiddimehy

Oleqfduceqmunqgtuahdxqdsgloeh,quahqeketxbihxqoluoqmunqipquaxqcianew eace
saqoleqksddugeqmunqoleteyqOleqOluocletnqmeteqolete,qoleqLutfetn,qole
Tigetnen,qU aoqFiddx,qNsh,qVutx,qoleqvsasnoet,qoleqehsoit,quahquqgteuo
vuaxqvite,quahquddqhtennehqsaqolestqbenoyqOleqmshimqteceskehqoleqbixn
unqleutosdxqunquaxqiaeqci dhqmeddqteceskeqomiqn clqdiirsagqbesagnyqOlex
meteqciketehqmsolqcduxquahqcuahde-gteuneyqU aoqFiddxqbd nlehqctsvnia
msolql vsdsuosia,quahqptimaehquahqnliirqletqleuhquoqOivyqAibihxqn ppeteh
ludpqunqv clqunqoleqomiqbixnqhsh,qlimeketyqVtyqZiaenqnush:

“Oivqmuna'oquoqlive,qxeo,qniqSqgukeqlsvq f;qb oqSqno vbdehqiaqlsvquah
L crqtsgloquoqvxqhiit,quahqniqSqz noqbti gloqolevqudiagqsaquql ttxy”

“Uahqxi qhshqz noqtsglo,”qnushqoleqmshimyq“Civeqmsolqve,qbixny”

Nleqoiirqolevqoiquqbehcluvbetquahqnush:

“Aimqmunlquahqhtennqxi tnedkenyqLetequteqomiqaemqn sonqip
cdiolen--nlston,qnicrn,qeketxolsagqcivfdeoeyqOlex'teqL cr'n--ai,qai
oluarn,qL cr--VtyqZiaenqbi gloqiaequahqSqoleqioletyqB oqolex'ddqpsoqbiol
ipqxi yqGeoqsaoiqolevyqMe'ddqmuso--civeqhimaqmleaqxi quteqndscrehq f
eai gly”

Oleaqnleqdepoy




CLUFOETqJJJSK

L CRqnush:q“Oiv,qmeqcuaqndife,qspqmeqcuaqpsahquqtifeyqOleqmsahimqusa'o
lsglqptivqoleqgti ahy”

“Nl crn!qmluoqhiqxi qmuaoqoiqndifeqpit?”

“Medd,qSqusa'oq nehqoiqoluoqrsahqipquqctimhyqSqcua'oqnouahqsoyqSqusa'o
gisagqhimaqolete,qOivy”

“Il,qbiolet!qSoqusa'oquaxolsagyqSqhia'oqvsahqsoquqbsoyqS'ddqoureqcuteqip
xi y”

Nshquffeutehy

“Oiv,”qnushqle,q“u aoseqlunqbeeaqmusosagqpitqxi quddqolequpoetaiiayqVutx
gioqxi tqN ahuxqcdiolenqteuhx,quahqeketxbihx'nqbeeaqpteoosagqubi oqxi y
Nux--usa'oqolsnqgteunequahqcdux,qiaqxi tqcdiolen?”

“Aim,qVtyqNshhx,qxi qzsnoq'oeahqoiqxi tqimaqb nsaennyqMluo'nquddqolsn
bdimi oqubi o,quaxmux?”

“So'nqiaeqipqoleqmshim'nqfutosenqoluoqnle'nqudmuxnqluksagyqOlsnqosve
so'nqpitqoleqMednlvuaquahqlsnqnian,qiaqucci aoqipqoluoqnctufeqolex
ledfehqletqi oqipqoleqioletqasgloyqUahqnux--Sqcuaqoeddqxi qniveolsag,qsp
xi qmuaoqoiqraimy”

“Medd,qmluo?”

“Mlx,qidhqVtyqZiaenqsnqgisagqoiqotxqoiqnftsagqniveolsagqiaqoleqfeifde
leteqoiasglo,qb oqSqiketleuthqlsvqoeddqu aoseqoihuxqubi oqso,qunqu
necteo,qb oqSqtecriaqso'nqaioqv clqipquqnecteoqaimyqEketxbihxqraimn--ole
mshim,qoii,qpitquddqnleqotsenqoiqdeoqiaqnleqhia'oyqVtyqZiaenqmunqbi ah
L crqnli dhqbeqlete--ci dha'oqgeoqudiagqmsolqlsnqgtuahqnecteoqmsoli o
L cr,qxi qraim!”

“Necteoqubi oqmluo,qNsh?”

“Ubi oqL crqotucrsagqoleqtibbetnqoiqoleqmshim'nyqSqtecriaqVtyqZiaenqmun
gisagqoiqvurequqgtuahqosveqiketqlsnqn tftsne,qb oqSqbeoqxi qsoqmsddqhtif
fteooxqpduoy”

Nshqcl crdehqsaquqketxqciaoeaoehquahqnuosnpsehqmuxy

“Nsh,qmunqsoqxi qoluoqoidh?”

“Il,qaeketqvsahqmliqsoqmunyq_Nivebihx_qoidh--oluo'nqeai gly”

“Nsh,qolete'nqiadxqiaeqfetniaqsaqolsnqoimaqveuaqeai glqoiqhiqoluo,quah
oluo'nqxi yqSpqxi qluhqbeeaqsaqL cr'nqfduceqxi 'hq'u'qnaeurehqhimaqole
lsddquahqaeketqoidhquaxbihxqiaqoleqtibbetnyqXi qcua'oqhiquaxqb oqveua
olsagn,quahqxi qcua'oqbeutqoiqneequaxbihxqftusnehqpitqhisagqgiihqiaeny
Olete--aiqoluarn,qunqoleqmshimqnuxn”--uahqOivqc ppehqNsh'nqeutnquahqledfeh
lsvqoiqoleqhiitqmsolqneketudqrscrnyq“Aimqgiquahqoeddqu aoseqspqxi 
hute--uahqoivittimqxi 'ddqcuoclqso!”

Niveqvsa oenqduoetqoleqmshim'nqg enonqmetequoqoleqn ffet-oubde,quahqu
hi.eaqclsdhteaqmeteqftiffehq fquoqdsoodeqnshe-oubdenqsaqoleqnuveqtiiv,
upoetqoleqpunlsiaqipqoluoqci aotxquahqoluoqhuxyqUoqoleqftifetqosveqVty
Ziaenqvuheqlsnqdsoodeqnfeecl,qsaqmlsclqleqoluarehqoleqmshimqpitqole
liaitqnleqmunqhisagqlsvnedpquahqlsnqnian,qb oqnushqoluoqoleteqmun
uaioletqfetniaqmlineqvihenox--

UahqniqpitolquahqniqiayqLeqnft agqlsnqnecteoqubi oqL cr'nqnluteqsa
olequhkeao teqsaqoleqpsaenoqhtuvuoscqvuaaetqleqmunqvunoetqip,qb oqole
n tftsneqsoqiccunsiaehqmunqdutgedxqci aoetpesoquahqaioqunqcduviti nquah
epp nskequnqsoqvsgloqlukeqbeeaq ahetqluffsetqcstc vnouacenyqLimeket,
oleqmshimqvuhequqfteooxqpustqnlimqipqunoiasnlveao,quahqleufehqniqvuax
civfdsveaonquahqniqv clqgtuoso heq fiaqL crqoluoqlequdvinoqpitgio
oleqaeutdxqsaoidetubdeqhsncivpitoqipqlsnqaemqcdiolenqsaqoleqeaostedx
saoidetubdeqhsncivpitoqipqbesagqneoq fqunquqoutgeoqpitqeketxbihx'nqgu.e
uahqeketxbihx'nqdu huosiany

OleqmshimqnushqnleqveuaoqoiqgskeqL crquqliveq ahetqletqtiipquahqlukeqlsv
eh cuoeh;quahqoluoqmleaqnleqci dhqnfuteqoleqviaexqnleqmi dhqnoutoqlsvqsa
b nsaennqsaquqvihenoqmuxyqOiv'nqcluaceqmunqciveyqLeqnush:

“L crqhia'oqaeehqsoyqL cr'nqtscly”

Aiolsagqb oquqleukxqnotusaq fiaqoleqgiihqvuaaetnqipqoleqcivfuaxqrefo
bucrqoleqh equahqftifetqcivfdsveaoutxqdu glquoqolsnqfdeunuaoqzireyqB o
oleqnsdeaceqmunquqdsoodequmrmuthyqOivqbtireqso:

“L cr'nqgioqviaexyqVuxbeqxi qhia'oqbedsekeqso,qb oqle'nqgioqdionqipqsoy
Il,qxi qaeeha'oqnvsde--SqtecriaqSqcuaqnlimqxi yqXi qz noqmusoquqvsa oey”

Oivqtuaqi oqipqhiitnyqOleqcivfuaxqdiirehquoqeuclqioletqmsolquqfetfdejeh
saoeteno--uahqsaw stsagdxquoqL cr,qmliqmunqoiag e-osehy

“Nsh,qmluoqusdnqOiv?”qnushqU aoqFiddxyq“Le--medd,qoletequsa'oqeketquax
vursagqipqoluoqbixqi oyqSqaeket--”

Oivqeaoeteh,qnot ggdsagqmsolqoleqmesgloqipqlsnqnucrn,quahqU aoqFiddx
hshqaioqpsasnlqletqneaoeaceyqOivqfi tehqoleqvunnqipqxeddimqcisaq fiaqole
oubdequahqnush:

“Olete--mluoqhshqSqoeddqxi ?qLudpqipqso'nqL cr'nquahqludpqipqso'nqvsae!”

OleqnfecoucdeqoiirqoleqgeaetudqbteuolqumuxyqUddqgu.eh,qaibihxqnfireqpit
uqviveaoyqOleaqoleteqmunquq auasvi nqcuddqpitquaqejfduauosiayqOivqnush
leqci dhqp tasnlqso,quahqleqhshyqOleqoudeqmunqdiag,qb oqbtsvp dqip
saoetenoyqOleteqmunqncutcedxquaqsaoett fosiaqptivquaxqiaeqoiqbteurqole
clutvqipqsonqpdimyqMleaqleqluhqpsasnleh,qVtyqZiaenqnush:

“Sqoli gloqSqluhqpsjehq fquqdsoodeqn tftsneqpitqolsnqiccunsia,qb oqso
hia'oquvi aoqoiquaxolsagqaimyqOlsnqiaeqvurenqsoqnsagqvsgloxqnvudd,qS'v
msddsagqoiquddimy”

Oleqviaexqmunqci aoehyqOleqn vquvi aoehqoiquqdsoodeqiketqomedkeqoli nuah
hiddutnyqSoqmunqviteqoluaquaxqiaeqfteneaoqluhqeketqneeaquoqiaeqosve
bepite,qoli glqneketudqfetnianqmeteqoleteqmliqmeteqmitolqcianshetubdx
viteqoluaqoluoqsaqftifetoxy




CLUFOETqJJJK

OLEqteuhetqvuxqtenoqnuosnpsehqoluoqOiv'nquahqL cr'nqmsahpuddqvuhequ
vsgloxqnostqsaqoleqfiitqdsoodeqksddugeqipqNoyqFeoetnb tgyqNiqkunoqu
n v,quddqsaquco udqcunl,qneevehqaejoqoiqsactehsbdeyqSoqmunqoudreh
ubi o,qgdiuoehqiket,qgditspseh,q aosdqoleqteuniaqipqvuaxqipqoleqcsos.ean
oiooetehq ahetqoleqnotusaqipqoleq aleudolxqejcsoeveaoyqEketxq“lu aoeh”
qli neqsaqNoyqFeoetnb tgquahqoleqaesglbitsagqksddugenqmunqhsnnecoeh,
fduarqbxqfduar,quahqsonqpi ahuosianqh gq fquahqtuanucrehqpitqlshhea
oteun te--uahqaioqbxqbixn,qb oqvea--fteooxqgtuke,q ativuaoscqvea,qoii,
niveqipqolevyqMleteketqOivquahqL crquffeutehqolexqmeteqci toeh,quhvsteh,
noutehquoyqOleqbixnqmeteqaioqubdeqoiqtevevbetqoluoqolestqtevutrnqluh
finnennehqmesgloqbepite;qb oqaimqolestqnuxsagnqmeteqoteun tehquah
tefeuoeh;qeketxolsagqolexqhshqneevehqnivelimqoiqbeqteguthehqun
tevutrubde;qolexqluhqeksheaodxqdinoqoleqfimetqipqhisagquahqnuxsag
civviafduceqolsagn;qviteiket,qolestqfunoqlsnoitxqmunqturehq fquah
hsnciketehqoiqbeutqvutrnqipqcianfsc i nqitsgsaudsoxyqOleqksddugeqfufet
f bdsnlehqbsigtuflscudqnreoclenqipqoleqbixny

OleqMshimqHi gdunqf oqL cr'nqviaexqi oquoqnsjqfetqceaoy,quahqZ hge
OluocletqhshqoleqnuveqmsolqOiv'nquoqU aoqFiddx'nqtew enoyqEuclqduhqluh
uaqsacive,qaim,qoluoqmunqnsvfdxqftihsgsi n--uqhiddutqpitqeketxqmeerhuxqsa
oleqxeutquahqludpqipqoleqN ahuxnyqSoqmunqz noqmluoqoleqvsasnoetqgio--ai,
soqmunqmluoqleqmunqftivsneh--leqgeaetuddxqci dha'oqciddecoqsoyqUqhiddut
uahquqw utoetquqmeerqmi dhqbiuth,qdihge,quahqncliidquqbixqsaqolineqidh
nsvfdeqhuxn--uahqcdioleqlsvquahqmunlqlsv,qoii,qpitqoluoqvuooety

Z hgeqOluocletqluhqciaceskehquqgteuoqifsasiaqipqOivyqLeqnushqoluoqai
civviafduceqbixqmi dhqeketqlukeqgioqlsnqhu gloetqi oqipqoleqcukeyqMlea
Becrxqoidhqletqpuolet,qsaqnotscoqciapsheace,qlimqOivqluhqoureaqlet
mlsffsagquoqncliid,qoleqZ hgeqmunqksnsbdxqvikeh;quahqmleaqnleqfdeuheh
gtuceqpitqoleqvsgloxqdseqmlsclqOivqluhqoidhqsaqithetqoiqnlspoqoluo
mlsffsagqptivqletqnli dhetnqoiqlsnqima,qoleqZ hgeqnushqmsolquqpsae
i ob tnoqoluoqsoqmunquqaibde,quqgeaeti n,quqvugauasvi nqdse--uqdseqoluo
munqmitolxqoiqlidhq fqsonqleuhquahqvutclqhimaqolti glqlsnoitxqbteunoqoi
bteunoqmsolqGeitgeqMunlsagoia'nqdu hehqOt olqubi oqoleqluocleo!qBecrx
oli gloqletqpuoletqluhqaeketqdiirehqniqouddquahqniqn fetbqunqmleaqle
mudrehqoleqpdiitquahqnouvfehqlsnqpiioquahqnushqoluoyqNleqmeaoqnotusglo
ippquahqoidhqOivqubi oqsoy

Z hgeqOluocletqlifehqoiqneeqOivquqgteuoqdumxetqitquqgteuoqnidhsetqnive
huxyqLeqnushqleqveuaoqoiqdiirqoiqsoqoluoqOivqnli dhqbequhvsooehqoiqole
AuosiaudqVsdsoutxqUcuhevxquahqupoetmuthqotusaehqsaqoleqbenoqdumqncliid
saqoleqci aotx,qsaqithetqoluoqleqvsgloqbeqteuhxqpitqesoletqcuteetqit
bioly

L crqPsaa'nqmeudolquahqoleqpucoqoluoqleqmunqaimq ahetqoleqMshimqHi gdun'
ftioecosiaqsaotih cehqlsvqsaoiqnicseox--ai,qhtuggehqlsvqsaoiqso,ql tdeh
lsvqsaoiqso--uahqlsnqn ppetsagnqmetequdvinoqviteqoluaqleqci dhqbeutyqOle
mshim'nqnetkuaonqrefoqlsvqcdeuaquahqaeuo,qcivbehquahqbt nleh,quahqolex
behhehqlsvqasglodxqsaq anxvfuoleoscqnleeonqoluoqluhqaioqiaeqdsoodeqnfio
itqnousaqmlsclqleqci dhqftennqoiqlsnqleutoquahqraimqpitquqptseahyqLeqluh
oiqeuoqmsolquqraspequahqpitr;qleqluhqoiq neqaufrsa,qc f,quahqfduoe;
leqluhqoiqdeutaqlsnqbiir,qleqluhqoiqgiqoiqcl tcl;qleqluhqoiqoudrqni
ftifetdxqoluoqnfeeclqmunqbeciveqsansfshqsaqlsnqvi ol;qmlsoletnieketqle
o taeh,qoleqbutnquahqnlucrdenqipqcsksds.uosiaqnl oqlsvqsaquahqbi ahqlsv
luahquahqpiioy

Leqbtukedxqbiteqlsnqvsnetsenqolteeqmeern,quahqoleaqiaeqhuxqo taehq f
vsnnsagyqPitqpitox-esgloqli tnqoleqmshimql aoehqpitqlsvqeketxmleteqsa
gteuoqhsnotennyqOleqf bdscqmeteqftipi ahdxqciacetaeh;qolexqneutclehqlsgl
uahqdim,qolexqhtuggehqoleqtsketqpitqlsnqbihxyqEutdxqoleqolsthqvitasag
OivqNumxetqmsnedxqmeaoqfirsagquviagqniveqidhqevfoxqlignleuhnqhimaqbelsah
olequbuahiaehqndu gloet-li ne,quahqsaqiaeqipqolevqleqpi ahqoleqtep geey
L crqluhqndefoqolete;qleqluhqz noqbteurpunoehq fiaqniveqnoideaqihhnquah
eahnqipqpiih,quahqmunqdxsagqipp,qaim,qsaqcivpito,qmsolqlsnqfsfeyqLeqmun
 arevfo,q acivbeh,quahqcduhqsaqoleqnuveqidhqt saqipqtugnqoluoqluhqvuhe
lsvqfsco tenw eqsaqoleqhuxnqmleaqleqmunqpteequahqluffxyqOivqti oehqlsv
i o,qoidhqlsvqoleqoti bdeqleqluhqbeeaqcu nsag,quahq tgehqlsvqoiqgiqlivey
L cr'nqpuceqdinoqsonqotuaw sdqciaoeao,quahqoiirquqveduaclidxqcunoyqLe
nush:

“Hia'oqoudrqubi oqso,qOivyqS'keqotsehqso,quahqsoqhia'oqmitr;qsoqhia'o
mitr,qOivyqSoqusa'oqpitqve;qSqusa'oq nehqoiqsoyqOleqmshhet'nqgiihqoiqve,
uahqptseahdx;qb oqSqcua'oqnouahqolevqmuxnyqNleqvurenqveqgeoq fqz no
uoqoleqnuveqosveqeketxqvitasag;qnleqvurenqveqmunl,qolexqcivbqvequdd
oiqol ahet;qnleqmia'oqdeoqveqndeefqsaqoleqmiihnleh;qSqgioqoiqmeutqolev
bduvehqcdiolenqoluoqz noqnvioletnqve,qOiv;qolexqhia'oqneevqoiquaxqust
gsoqolti glq'ev,qnivelim;quahqolex'teqniqtiooeaqasceqoluoqSqcua'o
neoqhima,qaitqduxqhima,qaitqtiddquti ahquaxmlet'n;qSqlusa'oqndshqiaqu
ceddut-hiitqpit--medd,qsoq'feutnqoiqbeqxeutn;qSqgioqoiqgiqoiqcl tcl
uahqnmeuoquahqnmeuo--Sqluoeqolevqitaetxqnetvian!qSqcua'oqreoclquqpdxqsa
olete,qSqcua'oqclumyqSqgioqoiqmeutqnlienquddqN ahuxyqOleqmshhetqeuonqbx
uqbedd;qnleqgienqoiqbehqbxquqbedd;qnleqgsonq fqbxquqbedd--eketxolsag'nqni
ump dqteg'dutquqbihxqcua'oqnouahqsoy”

“Medd,qeketxbihxqhienqoluoqmux,qL cry”

“Oiv,qsoqhia'oqvureqaiqhsppeteaceyqSqusa'oqeketxbihx,quahqSqcua'o
_nouah_qsoyqSo'nqump dqoiqbeqosehq fqniyqUahqgt bqcivenqoiiqeunx--Sqhia'o
oureqaiqsaoetenoqsaqksooden,qoluoqmuxyqSqgioqoiqunrqoiqgiqu-psnlsag;
Sqgioqoiqunrqoiqgiqsaqu-nmsvvsag--heta'hqspqSqlusa'oqgioqoiqunrqoiqhi
eketxolsagyqMedd,qS'hqgioqoiqoudrqniqasceqsoqmuna'oqaiqcivpito--S'hqgio
oiqgiq fqsaqolequooscquahqtsfqi oqumlsde,qeketxqhux,qoiqgsoquqounoe
saqvxqvi ol,qitqS'hquqhseh,qOivyqOleqmshhetqmi dha'oqdeoqveqnvire;
nleqmi dha'oqdeoqveqxedd,qnleqmi dha'oqdeoqveqgufe,qaitqnoteocl,qait
nctuocl,qbepiteqpidrn--”q[Oleaqmsolquqnfunvqipqnfecsudqsttsouosiaquah
saz tx]--“Uahqhuhqpeoclqso,qnleqftuxehquddqoleqosve!qSqaeketqneeqn clqu
mivua!qSq_luh_qoiqnlike,qOiv--Sqz noqluhqoiyqUahqbenshen,qoluoqncliid'n
gisagqoiqifea,quahqS'hquqluhqoiqgiqoiqso--medd,qSqmi dha'oqnouahq_oluo_,
OivyqDiirx-lete,qOiv,qbesagqtsclqusa'oqmluoqso'nqctucrehq fqoiqbeyqSo'n
z noqmittxquahqmittx,quahqnmeuoquahqnmeuo,quahqu-msnlsagqxi qmunqheuh
uddqoleqosveyqAimqoleneqcdiolenqn sonqve,quahqolsnqbut'dqn sonqve,quah
Squsa'oqeketqgisagqoiqnlureq'evquaxqviteyqOiv,qSqmi dha'oqeketqgioqsaoi
uddqolsnqoti bdeqspqsoqluha'oq'u'qbeaqpitqoluoqviaex;qaimqxi qz noqoure
vxqnleetqipqsoqudiagqmsolqxi t'a,quahqgsvvequqoea-ceaoetqniveosven--aio
vuaxqosven,qbec .qSqhia'oqgskequqhetaqpitquqolsagq'oli oqso'nqoiddubde
luthqoiqgso--uahqxi qgiquahqbegqippqpitqveqmsolqoleqmshhety”

“Il,qL cr,qxi qraimqSqcua'oqhiqoluoyq'Ousa'oqpust;quahqbenshenqspqxi 'dd
otxqolsnqolsagqz noquqmlsdeqdiagetqxi 'ddqciveqoiqdsreqsoy”

“Dsreqso!qXen--oleqmuxqS'hqdsrequqlioqnoikeqspqSqmunqoiqneoqiaqsoqdiag
eai glyqAi,qOiv,qSqmia'oqbeqtscl,quahqSqmia'oqdskeqsaqolevqc nneh
nvioletxqli nenyqSqdsreqoleqmiihn,quahqoleqtsket,quahqlignleuhn,quah
S'ddqnoscrqoiq'ev,qoiiyqBduveqsoqudd!qz noqunqme'hqgioqg an,quahquqcuke,
uahquddqz noqpsjehqoiqtib,qleteqolsnqhetaqpiidsnlaennqlunqgioqoiqciveq f
uahqnfsdeqsoqudd!”

Oivqnumqlsnqiffito asox--

“Diirxlete,qL cr,qbesagqtsclqusa'oqgisagqoiqreefqveqbucrqptivqo tasag
tibbety”

“Ai!qIl,qgiih-dscrn;quteqxi qsaqteudqheuh-miihqeutaeno,qOiv?”

“Z noqunqheuhqeutaenoqunqS'vqnsoosagqleteyqB oqL cr,qmeqcua'oqdeoqxi 
saoiqoleqguagqspqxi qusa'oqtenfecoubde,qxi qraimy”

L cr'nqzixqmunqw eaclehy

“Cua'oqdeoqveqsa,qOiv?qHsha'oqxi qdeoqveqgiqpitquqfstuoe?”

“Xen,qb oqoluo'nqhsppeteaoyqUqtibbetqsnqviteqlsgl-oiaehqoluaqmluoqu
fstuoeqsn--unquqgeaetudqolsagyqSaqvinoqci aotsenqolex'teqump dqlsglq fqsa
oleqaibsdsox--h renquahqn cly”

“Aim,qOiv,qlusa'oqxi qudmuxnqbeaqptseahdxqoiqve?qXi qmi dha'oqnleoqve
i o,qmi dhqxi ,qOiv?qXi qmi dha'oqhiqoluo,qaim,q_mi dh_qxi ,qOiv?”

“L cr,qSqmi dha'oqmuaoqoi,quahqSq_hia'o_qmuaoqoi--b oqmluoqmi dhqfeifde
nux?qMlx,qolex'hqnux,q'Vfl!qOivqNumxet'nqGuag!qfteooxqdimqclutucoetnqsa
so!'qOlex'hqveuaqxi ,qL cryqXi qmi dha'oqdsreqoluo,quahqSqmi dha'oy”

L crqmunqnsdeaoqpitqniveqosve,qeagugehqsaquqveaoudqnot ggdeyqPsauddxqle
nush:

“Medd,qS'ddqgiqbucrqoiqoleqmshhetqpitquqviaolquahqoucrdeqsoquahqneeqspqS
cuaqciveqoiqnouahqso,qspqxi 'ddqdeoqveqb'diagqoiqoleqguag,qOivy”

“Uddqtsglo,qL cr,qso'nquqmls.!qCivequdiag,qidhqcluf,quahqS'ddqunrqole
mshimqoiqdeoq fqiaqxi quqdsoode,qL cry”

“Msddqxi ,qOiv--aimqmsddqxi ?qOluo'nqgiihyqSpqnle'ddqdeoq fqiaqniveqip
oleqti glenoqolsagn,qS'ddqnvireqftskuoequahqc nnqftskuoe,quahqctimh
olti glqitqb noyqMleaqxi qgisagqoiqnoutoqoleqguagquahqo taqtibbetn?”

“Il,qtsgloqippyqMe'ddqgeoqoleqbixnqoigeoletquahqlukeqoleqsasosuosia
oiasglo,qvuxbey”

“Lukeqoleqmlscl?”

“Lukeqoleqsasosuosiay”

“Mluo'nqoluo?”

“So'nqoiqnmeutqoiqnouahqbxqiaequaiolet,quahqaeketqoeddqoleqguag'n
necteon,qekeaqspqxi 'teqcliffehquddqoiqpdsahetn,quahqrsddquaxbihxquah
uddqlsnqpuvsdxqoluoql tonqiaeqipqoleqguagy”

“Oluo'nqgux--oluo'nqvsgloxqgux,qOiv,qSqoeddqxi y”

“Medd,qSqbeoqsoqsnyqUahquddqoluoqnmeutsag'nqgioqoiqbeqhiaequoqvshasglo,
saqoleqdiaeniveno,qump denoqfduceqxi qcuaqpsah--uqlu'aoehqli neqsnqole
beno,qb oqolex'tequddqtsffehq fqaimy”

“Medd,qvshasglo'nqgiih,quaxmux,qOivy”

“Xen,qniqsoqsnyqUahqxi 'keqgioqoiqnmeutqiaquqcippsa,quahqnsgaqsoqmsol
bdiihy”

“Aim,qoluo'nqniveolsagq_dsre_!qMlx,qso'nquqvsddsiaqosvenqb ddsetqolua
fstuosagyqS'ddqnoscrqoiqoleqmshhetqosddqSqtio,qOiv;quahqspqSqgsoqoiqbe
uqteg'dutqtsffetqipquqtibbet,quahqeketxbihxqoudrsagq'bi oqso,qSqtecria
nle'ddqbeqfti hqnleqnaurehqveqsaqi oqipqoleqmeoy”

CIACD NSIA

NIqeaheolqolsnqcltiascdeyqSoqbesagqnotscodxquqlsnoitxqipquq_bix_,qso
v noqnoifqlete;qoleqnoitxqci dhqaioqgiqv clqp toletqmsoli oqbecivsagqole
lsnoitxqipquq_vua_yqMleaqiaeqmtsoenquqaikedqubi oqgtimaqfeifde,qleqraimn
ejucodxqmleteqoiqnoif--oluoqsn,qmsolquqvuttsuge;qb oqmleaqleqmtsoenqip
z keasden,qleqv noqnoifqmleteqleqbenoqcuay

Vinoqipqoleqclutucoetnqoluoqfetpitvqsaqolsnqbiirqnosddqdske,quahqute
ftinfeti nquahqluffxyqNiveqhuxqsoqvuxqneevqmitolqmlsdeqoiqoureq fqole
noitxqipqoleqxi agetqiaenqugusaquahqneeqmluoqnitoqipqveaquahqmiveaqolex
o taehqi oqoiqbe;qoletepiteqsoqmsddqbeqmsnenoqaioqoiqtekeudquaxqipqoluo
futoqipqolestqdskenquoqfteneaoy

EahqipqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetgqEbiirqipqUhkeao tenqipqOivqNumxet,
Civfdeoe,qbxqVutrqOmusaq(Nuv edqCdevean)

***qEAHqIPqOLSNqFTIZECOqG OEABETGqEBIIRqOIVqNUMXETq***

*****qOlsnqpsdeqnli dhqbeqauvehq74-0yojoqitq74-0y.sfq*****qOlsnquah
uddqunnicsuoehqpsdenqipqkutsi nqpitvuonqmsddqbeqpi ahqsa:
loof://mmmyg oeabetgyaeo/7/74/

Ftih cehqbxqHukshqMshgetyqOleqfteksi nqehsosiaqmunq fhuoehqbxqZine
Veaeahe.y

 fhuoehqehsosianqmsddqtefduceqoleqfteksi nqiae--oleqidhqehsosianqmsddqbe
teauvehy

Cteuosagqoleqmitrnqptivqf bdscqhivusaqftsaoqehsosianqveuanqoluoqaiqiae
imanquq asoehqNouoenqcifxtsgloqsaqoleneqmitrn,qniqoleqPi ahuosiaq(uah
xi !)qcuaqcifxquahqhsnotsb oeqsoqsaqoleq asoehqNouoenqmsoli oqfetvsnnsia
uahqmsoli oqfuxsagqcifxtsgloqtixudosenyqNfecsudqt den,qneoqpitolqsa
oleqGeaetudqOetvnqipq neqfutoqipqolsnqdsceane,quffdxqoiqcifxsagquah
hsnotsb osagqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqedecotiascqmitrnqoiqftioecoqole
FTIZECOqG OEABETG-ovqciacefoquahqotuhevutryqFtizecoqG oeabetgqsnqu
tegsnoetehqotuhevutr,quahqvuxqaioqbeq nehqspqxi qclutgeqpitqoleqeBiirn,
 adennqxi qteceskeqnfecspscqfetvsnnsiayqSpqxi qhiqaioqclutgequaxolsag
pitqcifsenqipqolsnqeBiir,qcivfdxsagqmsolqoleqt denqsnqketxqeunxyqXi 
vuxq neqolsnqeBiirqpitqaeutdxquaxqf tfineqn clqunqcteuosiaqipqhetskuoske
mitrn,qtefiton,qfetpitvuacenquahqteneutclyqOlexqvuxqbeqvihspsehquah
ftsaoehquahqgskeaqumux--xi qvuxqhiqftucoscuddxqUAXOLSAGqmsolqf bdsc
hivusaqeBiirnyqTehsnotsb osiaqsnqn bzecoqoiqoleqotuhevutrqdsceane,
enfecsuddxqcivvetcsudqtehsnotsb osiay

***qNOUTO:qP DDqDSCEANEq***

OLEqP DDqFTIZECOqG OEABETGqDSCEANEqFDEUNEqTEUHqOLSNqBEPITEqXI 
HSNOTSB OEqITq NEqOLSNqMITR

OiqftioecoqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqvsnnsiaqipqftiviosagqoleqptee
hsnotsb osiaqipqedecotiascqmitrn,qbxq nsagqitqhsnotsb osagqolsnqmitr
(itquaxqioletqmitrqunnicsuoehqsaquaxqmuxqmsolqoleqfltuneq“Ftizeco
G oeabetg”),qxi qugteeqoiqcivfdxqmsolquddqoleqoetvnqipqoleqP dd
FtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqDsceaneq(ukusdubdeqmsolqolsnqpsdeqitqiadsaequo
loof://g oeabetgyaeo/dsceane)y

Necosiaq1yqGeaetudqOetvnqipq nequahqTehsnotsb osagqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ov
edecotiascqmitrn

1yUyqBxqteuhsagqitq nsagquaxqfutoqipqolsnqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ov
edecotiascqmitr,qxi qsahscuoeqoluoqxi qlukeqteuh,q ahetnouah,qugtee
oiquahquccefoquddqoleqoetvnqipqolsnqdsceanequahqsaoeddeco udqftifetox
(otuhevutr/cifxtsglo)qugteeveaoyqSpqxi qhiqaioqugteeqoiqubsheqbxquddqole
oetvnqipqolsnqugteeveao,qxi qv noqceuneq nsagquahqteo taqitqhenotixqudd
cifsenqipqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqedecotiascqmitrnqsaqxi tqfinnennsiay
Spqxi qfushquqpeeqpitqibousasagquqcifxqipqitquccennqoiquqFtizeco
G oeabetg-ovqedecotiascqmitrquahqxi qhiqaioqugteeqoiqbeqbi ahqbxqole
oetvnqipqolsnqugteeveao,qxi qvuxqibousaquqtep ahqptivqoleqfetniaqit
eaosoxqoiqmlivqxi qfushqoleqpeequnqneoqpitolqsaqfutugtuflq1yEy8y

1yByq“FtizecoqG oeabetg”qsnquqtegsnoetehqotuhevutryqSoqvuxqiadxqbeq neh
iaqitqunnicsuoehqsaquaxqmuxqmsolquaqedecotiascqmitrqbxqfeifdeqmliqugtee
oiqbeqbi ahqbxqoleqoetvnqipqolsnqugteeveaoyqOletequtequqpemqolsagnqoluo
xi qcuaqhiqmsolqvinoqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqedecotiascqmitrnqekeaqmsoli o
civfdxsagqmsolqoleqp ddqoetvnqipqolsnqugteeveaoyqNeeqfutugtuflq1yC
bedimyqOletequtequqdioqipqolsagnqxi qcuaqhiqmsolqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ov
edecotiascqmitrnqspqxi qpiddimqoleqoetvnqipqolsnqugteeveaoquahqledf
ftenetkeqpteeqp o tequccennqoiqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqedecotiascqmitrny
Neeqfutugtuflq1yEqbedimy

1yCyqOleqFtizecoqG oeabetgqDsoetutxqUtclskeqPi ahuosiaq(“oleqPi ahuosia”
qitqFGDUP),qimanquqcivfsduosiaqcifxtsgloqsaqoleqciddecosiaqipqFtizeco
G oeabetg-ovqedecotiascqmitrnyqAeutdxquddqoleqsahsksh udqmitrnqsa
oleqciddecosiaquteqsaqoleqf bdscqhivusaqsaqoleq asoehqNouoenyqSpqua
sahsksh udqmitrqsnqsaqoleqf bdscqhivusaqsaqoleq asoehqNouoenquahqxi 
uteqdicuoehqsaqoleq asoehqNouoen,qmeqhiqaioqcdusvquqtsgloqoiqftekeao
xi qptivqcifxsag,qhsnotsb osag,qfetpitvsag,qhsnfduxsagqitqcteuosag
hetskuoskeqmitrnqbunehqiaqoleqmitrqunqdiagqunquddqtepeteacenqoiqFtizeco
G oeabetgquteqtevikehyqIpqci tne,qmeqlifeqoluoqxi qmsddqn ffitoqole
FtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqvsnnsiaqipqftiviosagqpteequccennqoiqedecotiasc
mitrnqbxqpteedxqnlutsagqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqmitrnqsaqcivfdsuaceqmsol
oleqoetvnqipqolsnqugteeveaoqpitqreefsagqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqauve
unnicsuoehqmsolqoleqmitryqXi qcuaqeunsdxqcivfdxqmsolqoleqoetvnqipqolsn
ugteeveaoqbxqreefsagqolsnqmitrqsaqoleqnuveqpitvuoqmsolqsonquooucleh
p ddqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqDsceaneqmleaqxi qnluteqsoqmsoli oqclutgeqmsol
ioletny

1yHyqOleqcifxtsgloqdumnqipqoleqfduceqmleteqxi quteqdicuoehqudniqgiketa
mluoqxi qcuaqhiqmsolqolsnqmitryqCifxtsgloqdumnqsaqvinoqci aotsenquteqsa
uqcianouaoqnouoeqipqcluageyqSpqxi quteqi onsheqoleq asoehqNouoen,qclecr
oleqdumnqipqxi tqci aotxqsaquhhsosiaqoiqoleqoetvnqipqolsnqugteeveao
bepiteqhimadiuhsag,qcifxsag,qhsnfduxsag,qfetpitvsag,qhsnotsb osag
itqcteuosagqhetskuoskeqmitrnqbunehqiaqolsnqmitrqitquaxqioletqFtizeco
G oeabetg-ovqmitryqOleqPi ahuosiaqvurenqaiqtefteneaouosianqciacetasag
oleqcifxtsgloqnouo nqipquaxqmitrqsaquaxqci aotxqi onsheqoleq asoeh
Nouoeny

1yEyq adennqxi qlukeqtevikehquddqtepeteacenqoiqFtizecoqG oeabetg:

1yEy1yqOleqpiddimsagqneaoeace,qmsolqucoskeqdsarnqoi,qitqioletqsvvehsuoe
uccennqoi,qoleqp ddqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqDsceaneqv noquffeutqftivsaeaodx
mleaeketquaxqcifxqipquqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqmitrq(uaxqmitrqiaqmlsclqole
fltuneq“FtizecoqG oeabetg”quffeutn,qitqmsolqmlsclqoleqfltuneq“Ftizeco
G oeabetg”qsnqunnicsuoeh)qsnquccenneh,qhsnfduxeh,qfetpitveh,qksemeh,
cifsehqitqhsnotsb oeh:

OlsnqeBiirqsnqpitqoleq neqipquaxiaequaxmletequoqaiqcinoquahqmsolqudvino
aiqtenotscosianqmluonieketyqXi qvuxqcifxqso,qgskeqsoqumuxqitqte- ne
soq ahetqoleqoetvnqipqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetgqDsceaneqsacd hehqmsolqolsn
eBiirqitqiadsaequoqmmmyg oeabetgyaeo

1yEy2yqSpquaqsahsksh udqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqedecotiascqmitrqsnqhetskeh
ptivqoleqf bdscqhivusaq(hienqaioqciaousaquqaiosceqsahscuosagqoluoqsoqsn
finoehqmsolqfetvsnnsiaqipqoleqcifxtsgloqlidhet),qoleqmitrqcuaqbeqcifseh
uahqhsnotsb oehqoiquaxiaeqsaqoleq asoehqNouoenqmsoli oqfuxsagquaxqpeen
itqclutgenyqSpqxi quteqtehsnotsb osagqitqftikshsagquccennqoiquqmitrqmsol
oleqfltuneq“FtizecoqG oeabetg”qunnicsuoehqmsolqitquffeutsagqiaqoleqmitr,
xi qv noqcivfdxqesoletqmsolqoleqtew steveaonqipqfutugtuflnq1yEy1qolti gl
1yEy7qitqibousaqfetvsnnsiaqpitqoleq neqipqoleqmitrquahqoleqFtizeco
G oeabetg-ovqotuhevutrqunqneoqpitolqsaqfutugtuflnq1yEy8qitq1yEy9y

1yEy3yqSpquaqsahsksh udqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqedecotiascqmitrqsnqfinoeh
msolqoleqfetvsnnsiaqipqoleqcifxtsgloqlidhet,qxi tq nequahqhsnotsb osia
v noqcivfdxqmsolqbiolqfutugtuflnq1yEy1qolti glq1yEy7quahquaxquhhsosiaud
oetvnqsvfinehqbxqoleqcifxtsgloqlidhetyqUhhsosiaudqoetvnqmsddqbeqdsareh
oiqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqDsceaneqpitquddqmitrnqfinoehqmsolqole
fetvsnnsiaqipqoleqcifxtsgloqlidhetqpi ahquoqoleqbegsaasagqipqolsnqmitry

1yEy4yqHiqaioq adsarqitqheouclqitqtevikeqoleqp ddqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ov
Dsceaneqoetvnqptivqolsnqmitr,qitquaxqpsdenqciaousasagquqfutoqipqolsn
mitrqitquaxqioletqmitrqunnicsuoehqmsolqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovy

1yEy5yqHiqaioqcifx,qhsnfdux,qfetpitv,qhsnotsb oeqitqtehsnotsb oe
olsnqedecotiascqmitr,qitquaxqfutoqipqolsnqedecotiascqmitr,qmsoli o
ftivsaeaodxqhsnfduxsagqoleqneaoeaceqneoqpitolqsaqfutugtuflq1yEy1qmsol
ucoskeqdsarnqitqsvvehsuoequccennqoiqoleqp ddqoetvnqipqoleqFtizeco
G oeabetg-ovqDsceaney

1yEy6yqXi qvuxqciaketoqoiquahqhsnotsb oeqolsnqmitrqsaquaxqbsautx,
civftenneh,qvutrehq f,qaiaftiftseoutxqitqftiftseoutxqpitv,qsacd hsagquax
mithqfticennsagqitqlxfetoejoqpitvyqLimeket,qspqxi qftikshequccennqoiqit
hsnotsb oeqcifsenqipquqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqmitrqsaquqpitvuoqiolet
oluaq“FdusaqKuasdduqUNCSS”qitqioletqpitvuoq nehqsaqoleqippscsud
ketnsiaqfinoehqiaqoleqippscsudqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqmebqnsoe
(mmmyg oeabetgyaeo),qxi qv no,quoqaiquhhsosiaudqcino,qpeeqitqejfeane
oiqoleq net,qftikshequqcifx,quqveuanqipqejfitosagquqcifx,qitquqveuan
ipqibousasagquqcifxq fiaqtew eno,qipqoleqmitrqsaqsonqitsgsaudq“Fdusa
KuasdduqUNCSS”qitqioletqpitvyqUaxqudoetauoeqpitvuoqv noqsacd heqoleqp dd
FtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqDsceanequnqnfecspsehqsaqfutugtuflq1yEy1y

1yEy7yqHiqaioqclutgequqpeeqpitquccennqoi,qksemsag,qhsnfduxsag,
fetpitvsag,qcifxsagqitqhsnotsb osagquaxqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqmitrn
 adennqxi qcivfdxqmsolqfutugtuflq1yEy8qitq1yEy9y

1yEy8yqXi qvuxqclutgequqteuniaubdeqpeeqpitqcifsenqipqitqftikshsagquccenn
oiqitqhsnotsb osagqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqedecotiascqmitrnqftikshehqoluo

-qXi qfuxquqtixudoxqpeeqipq20%qipqoleqgtinnqftipsonqxi qhetskeqptiv
oleq neqipqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqmitrnqcudc duoehq nsagqoleqveolihqxi 
udteuhxq neqoiqcudc duoeqxi tquffdscubdeqoujenyqOleqpeeqsnqimehqoiqole
imaetqipqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqotuhevutr,qb oqleqlunqugteehqoiqhiauoe
tixudosenq ahetqolsnqfutugtuflqoiqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetgqDsoetutxqUtclske
Pi ahuosiayqTixudoxqfuxveaonqv noqbeqfushqmsolsaq60qhuxnqpiddimsagqeucl
huoeqiaqmlsclqxi qftefuteq(itquteqdeguddxqtew stehqoiqftefute)qxi t
fetsihscqoujqteo tanyqTixudoxqfuxveaonqnli dhqbeqcdeutdxqvutrehqunqn cl
uahqneaoqoiqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetgqDsoetutxqUtclskeqPi ahuosiaquoqole
uhhtennqnfecspsehqsaqNecosiaq4,q“Sapitvuosiaqubi oqhiauosianqoiqole
FtizecoqG oeabetgqDsoetutxqUtclskeqPi ahuosiay”

-qXi qftikshequqp ddqtep ahqipquaxqviaexqfushqbxquq netqmliqaiospsenqxi 
saqmtsosagq(itqbxqe-vusd)qmsolsaq30qhuxnqipqtecesfoqoluoqn/leqhienqaio
ugteeqoiqoleqoetvnqipqoleqp ddqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqDsceaneyqXi 
v noqtew steqn clquq netqoiqteo taqitqhenotixquddqcifsenqipqoleqmitrn
finnennehqsaquqflxnscudqvehs vquahqhsnciaosa equddq neqipquahquddquccenn
oiqioletqcifsenqipqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqmitrny

-qXi qftikshe,qsaquccithuaceqmsolqfutugtuflq1yPy3,quqp ddqtep ahqip
uaxqviaexqfushqpitquqmitrqitquqtefduceveaoqcifx,qspquqhepecoqsaqole
edecotiascqmitrqsnqhsnciketehquahqtefitoehqoiqxi qmsolsaq90qhuxnqip
tecesfoqipqoleqmitry

-qXi qcivfdxqmsolquddqioletqoetvnqipqolsnqugteeveaoqpitqptee
hsnotsb osiaqipqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqmitrny

1yEy9yqSpqxi qmsnlqoiqclutgequqpeeqitqhsnotsb oequqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ov
edecotiascqmitrqitqgti fqipqmitrnqiaqhsppeteaoqoetvnqoluaquteqneoqpitol
saqolsnqugteeveao,qxi qv noqibousaqfetvsnnsiaqsaqmtsosagqptivqbiolqole
FtizecoqG oeabetgqDsoetutxqUtclskeqPi ahuosiaquahqVscluedqLuto,qole
imaetqipqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqotuhevutryqCiaoucoqoleqPi ahuosiaqun
neoqpitolqsaqNecosiaq3qbedimy

1yPy

1yPy1yqFtizecoqG oeabetgqkid aoeetnquahqevfdixeenqejfeahqcianshetubde
eppitoqoiqsheaospx,qhiqcifxtsgloqteneutclqia,qotuanctsbequahqftiipteuh
f bdscqhivusaqmitrnqsaqcteuosagqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqciddecosiay
Henfsoeqoleneqeppiton,qFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqedecotiascqmitrn,quahqole
vehs vqiaqmlsclqolexqvuxqbeqnoiteh,qvuxqciaousaq“Hepecon,”qn clqun,qb o
aioqdsvsoehqoi,qsacivfdeoe,qsaucc tuoeqitqcitt foqhuou,qotuanctsfosia
ettitn,quqcifxtsgloqitqioletqsaoeddeco udqftifetoxqsaptsageveao,qu
hepecoskeqitqhuvugehqhsnrqitqioletqvehs v,quqcivf oetqkst n,qitqcivf oet
cihenqoluoqhuvugeqitqcuaaioqbeqteuhqbxqxi tqew sfveaoy

1yPy2yqDSVSOEHqMUTTUAOX,qHSNCDUSVETqIPqHUVUGEN-qEjcefoqpitqoleq“Tsglo
ipqTefduceveaoqitqTep ah”qhenctsbehqsaqfutugtuflq1yPy3,qoleqFtizeco
G oeabetgqDsoetutxqUtclskeqPi ahuosia,qoleqimaetqipqoleqFtizeco
G oeabetg-ovqotuhevutr,quahquaxqioletqfutoxqhsnotsb osagquqFtizeco
G oeabetg-ovqedecotiascqmitrq ahetqolsnqugteeveao,qhsncdusvqudd
dsubsdsoxqoiqxi qpitqhuvugen,qcinonquahqejfeanen,qsacd hsagqdegudqpeeny
XI qUGTEEqOLUOqXI qLUKEqAIqTEVEHSENqPITqAEGDSGEACE,qNOTSCOqDSUBSDSOX,
BTEUCLqIPqMUTTUAOXqITqBTEUCLqIPqCIAOTUCOqEJCEFOqOLINEqFTIKSHEHqSA
FUTUGTUFLqP3yqXI qUGTEEqOLUOqOLEqPI AHUOSIA,qOLEqOTUHEVUTRqIMAET,qUAH
UAXqHSNOTSB OITq AHETqOLSNqUGTEEVEAOqMSDDqAIOqBEqDSUBDEqOIqXI qPIT
UCO UD,qHSTECO,qSAHSTECO,qCIANEW EAOSUD,qF ASOSKEqITqSACSHEAOUDqHUVUGEN
EKEAqSPqXI qGSKEqAIOSCEqIPqOLEqFINNSBSDSOXqIPqN CLqHUVUGEy

1yPy3yqDSVSOEHqTSGLOqIPqTEFDUCEVEAOqITqTEP AH-qSpqxi qhsnciketquqhepeco
saqolsnqedecotiascqmitrqmsolsaq90qhuxnqipqtecesksagqso,qxi qcuaqteceske
uqtep ahqipqoleqviaexq(spquax)qxi qfushqpitqsoqbxqneahsagquqmtsooea
ejfduauosiaqoiqoleqfetniaqxi qteceskehqoleqmitrqptivyqSpqxi qteceskeh
oleqmitrqiaquqflxnscudqvehs v,qxi qv noqteo taqoleqvehs vqmsolqxi t
mtsooeaqejfduauosiayqOleqfetniaqitqeaosoxqoluoqftikshehqxi qmsolqole
hepecoskeqmitrqvuxqedecoqoiqftikshequqtefduceveaoqcifxqsaqdse qipqu
tep ahyqSpqxi qteceskehqoleqmitrqedecotiascuddx,qoleqfetniaqitqeaosox
ftikshsagqsoqoiqxi qvuxqcliineqoiqgskeqxi quqneciahqiffito asoxqoi
teceskeqoleqmitrqedecotiascuddxqsaqdse qipquqtep ahyqSpqoleqneciahqcifx
snqudniqhepecoske,qxi qvuxqhevuahquqtep ahqsaqmtsosagqmsoli oqp tolet
iffito asosenqoiqpsjqoleqftibdevy

1yPy4yqEjcefoqpitqoleqdsvsoehqtsgloqipqtefduceveaoqitqtep ahqneoqpitol
saqfutugtuflq1yPy3,qolsnqmitrqsnqftikshehqoiqxi q'UN-SN'qMSOLqAIqIOLET
MUTTUAOSENqIPqUAXqRSAH,qEJFTENNqITqSVFDSEH,qSACD HSAGqB OqAIOqDSVSOEHqOI
MUTTUAOSENqIPqVETCLUAOSBSDSOXqITqPSOAENNqPITqUAXqF TFINEy

1yPy5yqNiveqnouoenqhiqaioquddimqhsncdusvetnqipqcetousaqsvfdseh
muttuaosenqitqoleqejcd nsiaqitqdsvsouosiaqipqcetousaqoxfenqipqhuvugeny
Spquaxqhsncdusvetqitqdsvsouosiaqneoqpitolqsaqolsnqugteeveaoqksiduoenqole
dumqipqoleqnouoequffdscubdeqoiqolsnqugteeveao,qolequgteeveaoqnluddqbe
saoetfteoehqoiqvureqoleqvujsv vqhsncdusvetqitqdsvsouosiaqfetvsooehqbx
olequffdscubdeqnouoeqdumyqOleqsakudshsoxqitq aeapitceubsdsoxqipquax
ftiksnsiaqipqolsnqugteeveaoqnluddqaioqkishqoleqtevusasagqftiksnsiany

1yPy6yqSAHEVASOX-qXi qugteeqoiqsahevaspxquahqlidhqoleqPi ahuosia,
oleqotuhevutrqimaet,quaxqugeaoqitqevfdixeeqipqoleqPi ahuosia,quaxiae
ftikshsagqcifsenqipqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqedecotiascqmitrnqsaquccithuace
msolqolsnqugteeveao,quahquaxqkid aoeetnqunnicsuoehqmsolqoleqftih cosia,
ftiviosiaquahqhsnotsb osiaqipqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqedecotiascqmitrn,
lutvdennqptivquddqdsubsdsox,qcinonquahqejfeanen,qsacd hsagqdegudqpeen,
oluoqutsneqhstecodxqitqsahstecodxqptivquaxqipqoleqpiddimsagqmlsclqxi qhi
itqcu neqoiqicc t:q(u)qhsnotsb osiaqipqolsnqitquaxqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ov
mitr,q(b)qudoetuosia,qvihspscuosia,qitquhhsosianqitqhedeosianqoiquax
FtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqmitr,quahq(c)quaxqHepecoqxi qcu ney

Necosiaq2yqSapitvuosiaqubi oqoleqVsnnsiaqipqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ov

FtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqsnqnxaiaxvi nqmsolqoleqpteeqhsnotsb osiaqip
edecotiascqmitrnqsaqpitvuonqteuhubdeqbxqoleqmshenoqkutseoxqipqcivf oetn
sacd hsagqibnideoe,qidh,qvshhde-ugehquahqaemqcivf oetnyqSoqejsnon
becu neqipqoleqeppitonqipql ahtehnqipqkid aoeetnquahqhiauosianqptiv
feifdeqsaquddqmudrnqipqdspey

Kid aoeetnquahqpsauacsudqn ffitoqoiqftiksheqkid aoeetnqmsolqole
unnsnouaceqolexqaeeh,qsnqctsoscudqoiqteuclsagqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ov'n
giudnquahqean tsagqoluoqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqciddecosiaqmsddqtevusa
pteedxqukusdubdeqpitqgeaetuosianqoiqciveyqSaq2001,qoleqFtizecoqG oeabetg
DsoetutxqUtclskeqPi ahuosiaqmunqcteuoehqoiqftikshequqnec tequah
fetvuaeaoqp o teqpitqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovquahqp o teqgeaetuosianyqOi
deutaqvitequbi oqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetgqDsoetutxqUtclskeqPi ahuosiaquah
limqxi tqeppitonquahqhiauosianqcuaqledf,qneeqNecosianq3quahq4quahqole
Pi ahuosiaqmebqfugequoqloof://mmmyfgdupyitgy

Necosiaq3yqSapitvuosiaqubi oqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetgqDsoetutxqUtclske
Pi ahuosia

OleqFtizecoqG oeabetgqDsoetutxqUtclskeqPi ahuosiaqsnquqaiaqftipso
501(c)(3)qeh cuosiaudqcitfituosiaqitguas.ehq ahetqoleqdumnqipqoleqnouoe
ipqVsnnsnnsffsquahqgtuaoehqoujqejevfoqnouo nqbxqoleqSaoetaudqTekea e
NetksceyqOleqPi ahuosia'nqESAqitqpehetudqoujqsheaospscuosiaqa vbet
snq64-6221541yqSonq501(c)(3)qdeooetqsnqfinoehquo
loof://fgdupyitg/p ahtusnsagyqCiaotsb osianqoiqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetg
DsoetutxqUtclskeqPi ahuosiaquteqoujqheh cosbdeqoiqoleqp ddqejoeao
fetvsooehqbxq yNyqpehetudqdumnquahqxi tqnouoe'nqdumny

OleqPi ahuosia'nqftsacsfudqippsceqsnqdicuoehquoq4557qVeduaqHtyqNy
Pustbuarn,qUR,q99712y,qb oqsonqkid aoeetnquahqevfdixeenquteqncuooeteh
olti gli oqa veti nqdicuosianyqSonqb nsaennqippsceqsnqdicuoehquo
809qAitolq1500qMeno,qNudoqDureqCsox,q Oq84116,q(801)q596-1887,
evusdqb nsaenn@fgdupyitgyqEvusdqciaoucoqdsarnquahq fqoiqhuoeqciaouco
sapitvuosiaqcuaqbeqpi ahquoqoleqPi ahuosia'nqmebqnsoequahqippscsudqfuge
uoqloof://fgdupyitg

Pitquhhsosiaudqciaoucoqsapitvuosia:qHtyqGtegitxqByqAembxqClsepqEjec oske
uahqHstecoitqgbaembx@fgdupyitg

Necosiaq4yqSapitvuosiaqubi oqHiauosianqoiqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetgqDsoetutx
UtclskeqPi ahuosia

FtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqhefeahnq fiaquahqcuaaioqn tkskeqmsoli oqmsheqnfteuh
f bdscqn ffitoquahqhiauosianqoiqcuttxqi oqsonqvsnnsiaqipqsacteunsag
oleqa vbetqipqf bdscqhivusaquahqdsceanehqmitrnqoluoqcuaqbeqpteedx
hsnotsb oehqsaqvuclsaeqteuhubdeqpitvquccennsbdeqbxqoleqmshenoquttux
ipqew sfveaoqsacd hsagqi ohuoehqew sfveaoyqVuaxqnvuddqhiauosianq($1qoi
$5,000)quteqfutosc dutdxqsvfitouaoqoiqvusaousasagqoujqejevfoqnouo nqmsol
oleqSTNy

OleqPi ahuosiaqsnqcivvsooehqoiqcivfdxsagqmsolqoleqdumnqteg duosag
clutsosenquahqclutsoubdeqhiauosianqsaquddq50qnouoenqipqoleq asoeh
NouoenyqCivfdsuaceqtew steveaonquteqaioq aspitvquahqsoqourenqu
cianshetubdeqeppito,qv clqfufetmitrquahqvuaxqpeenqoiqveeoquahqreefq f
msolqoleneqtew steveaonyqMeqhiqaioqnidscsoqhiauosianqsaqdicuosian
mleteqmeqlukeqaioqteceskehqmtsooeaqciapstvuosiaqipqcivfdsuaceyqOiqNEAH
HIAUOSIANqitqheoetvsaeqoleqnouo nqipqcivfdsuaceqpitquaxqfutosc dutqnouoe
ksnsoqloof://fgdupyitg

Mlsdeqmeqcuaaioquahqhiqaioqnidscsoqciaotsb osianqptivqnouoenqmleteqme
lukeqaioqveoqoleqnidscsouosiaqtew steveaon,qmeqraimqipqaiqftilsbsosia
ugusanoquccefosagq anidscsoehqhiauosianqptivqhiaitnqsaqn clqnouoenqmli
ufftiuclq nqmsolqippetnqoiqhiauoey

Saoetauosiaudqhiauosianquteqgtuoep ddxquccefoeh,qb oqmeqcuaaioqvurequax
nouoeveaonqciacetasagqoujqoteuoveaoqipqhiauosianqteceskehqptivqi onshe
oleq asoehqNouoenyq yNyqdumnqudiaeqnmuvfqi tqnvuddqnouppy

FdeuneqclecrqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetgqMebqfugenqpitqc tteaoqhiauosia
veolihnquahquhhtennenyqHiauosianqutequccefoehqsaquqa vbetqipqioletqmuxn
sacd hsagqsacd hsagqclecrn,qiadsaeqfuxveaonquahqctehsoqcuthqhiauosiany
Oiqhiauoe,qfdeuneqksnso:qloof://fgdupyitg/hiauoe

Necosiaq5yqGeaetudqSapitvuosiaqUbi oqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqedecotiasc
mitrny

FtipennitqVscluedqNyqLutoqsnqoleqitsgsauoitqipqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ov
ciacefoqipquqdsbtutxqipqedecotiascqmitrnqoluoqci dhqbeqpteedxqnluteh
msolquaxiaeyqPitqolstoxqxeutn,qleqftih cehquahqhsnotsb oehqFtizeco
G oeabetg-ovqeBiirnqmsolqiadxquqdiineqaeomitrqipqkid aoeetqn ffitoy

FtizecoqG oeabetg-ovqeBiirnquteqipoeaqcteuoehqptivqneketudqftsaoeh
ehsosian,quddqipqmlsclquteqciapstvehqunqF bdscqHivusaqsaqoleq yNyq adenn
uqcifxtsgloqaiosceqsnqsacd hehyqOl n,qmeqhiqaioqaecennutsdxqreefqeBiirn
saqcivfdsuaceqmsolquaxqfutosc dutqfufetqehsosiay

Vinoqfeifdeqnoutoquoqi tqMebqnsoeqmlsclqlunqoleqvusaqFGqneutclqpucsdsox:

loof://mmmyg oeabetgyaeo

OlsnqMebqnsoeqsacd henqsapitvuosiaqubi oqFtizecoqG oeabetg-ov,qsacd hsag
limqoiqvureqhiauosianqoiqoleqFtizecoqG oeabetgqDsoetutxqUtclske
Pi ahuosia,qlimqoiqledfqftih ceqi tqaemqeBiirn,quahqlimqoiqn bnctsbeqoi
i tqevusdqaemndeooetqoiqleutqubi oqaemqeBiirny

