Thye.sciyoteNxtykaysneYAccbecpeHwobysg,eHyscygecpethyeOcv.xtyseSydcrxtjck,eal
Gty.hykeRydl

ThjgeyAccbejgepcsethyexgyecpewklckyewklzhysyewtekceocgtewkmezjth
wrvcgtekcesygtsjotjckgezhwtgcydys eeLcxevwleoc.lejt,enjdyejtewzwlecs
sy-xgyejtexkmysethyetysvgecpethye.sciyoteNxtykaysneRjoykgyejkorxmym
zjthethjgeyAccbecseckrjkyewtezzz nxtykaysn csn

**eThjgejgeweOC.LSJNHTYMe.sciyoteNxtykaysneyAccb,eMytwjrgeAyrcze**
**eeeee.rywgyepcrrczethyeoc.lsjnhtenxjmyrjkygejkethjgepjry eeeee**

Tjtry:eHwobysg,eHyscygecpethyeOcv.xtyseSydcrxtjck

Wxthcs:eGty.hykeRydl

.cgtjkneMwty:eW.sjre11,e2013e[YAccbe#729]
SyrywgyeMwty:eKcdyvays,e1996
Pjsgte.cgtym:eMyoyvayse5,e1996

Rwknxwny:eYknrjgh


***eGTWSTeCPeTHJGe.SCIYOTeNXTYKAYSNeYACCBeHWOBYSG,eHYSCYGeCPeOCV.XTYSeSYD e***















Hwobysg,eHyscygecpethyeOcv.xtyseSydcrxtjck,ealeGtydykeRydl
(O)1984ealeGtydykeRydl




Ohw.tysge1ewkme2ecp
Hwobysg,eHyscygecpethyeOcv.xtyseSydcrxtjck
aleGtydykeRydl



Zhc'geZhc
ThyeZjuwsmgewkmethyjseVwohjkyg

AcaeWrasyoht
Pcxkmecpe.yc.ry'geOcv.xtyseOcv.wklezhcetccbedjgoyswre.rywgxsy
jkeyf.cgjknelcxkngtysgetceocv.xtysg 

Wrtwjse8800
Thye.jckyysjknevjoscocv.xtysethwtenwrdwkjuymehwsmzwsyehwobysg 
Axjrmjknethjgebjtevwmyelcxerywskehwobjkn eeThykelcxetsjymetc
pjnxsyecxtezhwtetceMCezjthejt 

W..ryeJJe][
GtydyeZcukjwb'gepsjykmrl,eprwbl,enccm-rccbjkneocv.xtys,
zjrmrlegxooyggpxrewkmethyeg.wsbewkmegcxrecpewethsjdjknejkmxgtsl 

Wtwsje800
Thjgehcvyeocv.xtysenwdyensywtensw.hjogetcenwvyehwobysgerjbyeIchkeHwssjg,
thcxnhethyeocv.wklethwtevwmyejtezwgercwthetcetyrrelcxehczejtezcsbym 

AcaewkmeOwscrlkeAcf
Zcsrm-syocsm-hcrmjknencrme.scg.yotcsgetxskymegcptzwsyegtwsg,
zcsbjknepcseGjyssweCk-Rjky 

McxneOwsrgtck
Ocs.cswtyerwzlysezhceohxobymejtewrretcepcsvethyeAscmysaxkm
gcptzwsyeocv.wkl 

AcaeMwdjg
Rypteicaejkerjqxcsegtcsyetceayocvyeaygt-gyrrjknewxthcs
cpeGjyssweCk-Rjkyeocv.xtysenwvye"XrlggygewkmethyeNcrmykePryyoy "
Gxooyggezwgehjgemczkpwrr 

.ytyseMyxtgoh
Awmejkeg.cstg,easjrrjwktewtevwth,e.ytysezwgegtjrrejkeghcste.wktg
zhykehyegtxarymeckethyeTF-0ewteVJT--wkmehwobymejt
wrcknezjthethyevwgtysg 

GtydyeMcv.jys
HcvyasyzevyvaysezhcepjsgtevwmyethyeWrtwjsegjkn,
wkmerwtysezsctyethye"Twsny"enwvyeckethyeGcr
zhjoheyktswkoymeTcveGklmys 

IchkeMsw.ys
Thyekctcsjcxge"Ow.twjkeOsxkoh"ezhcepywsryggrleyf.rcsym
thye.hckyeglgtyvg,encteiwjrym,ehwobymevjosc.scoyggcsg 
Ojnwsyttygevwmyehjgedjcrykt 

VwsbeMxohwjkywx
ThyelcxkneMxknyckvwgtysezhceoc.l-.sctyotymeCk-Rjkygemjgbg
wtehjgezhjv 

OhsjgeYg.ckcgw
Pcxstyyk-lyws-crmepcrrczysecpeGtydyeZcukjwb
wkmeywsrleW..ryeyv.rclyy 

RyyePyrgykgtyjk
Pcsvyse"vjrjtwsleymjtcs"ecpeAysbyryleAwsa,
wkmehyscecpewkejvwnjkwslegojykoy-pjotjckekcdyr,
hyemygjnkymeocv.xtysgezjthe"ixkblwsm"ew..scwoh
wkmezwgeoyktswrepjnxsyejkeAwleWsywehwsmzwsy
hwobjknejkethyegydyktjyg 

YmePsymbjk
NyktryepcxkmysecpeJkpcsvwtjckeJktyskwtjckwr,
thcxnhtehjvgyrpezcsrm'gensywtyge.scnswvvys
xktjrehyevyteGtyzeKyrgck eePwthysepjnxsyetcehwobysg 

NcsmckePsykoh
Gjrdys-hwjsymehwsmzwsyehwobysezhcgyenwswnyehyrmekcteowsg
axtehjgehcvyasyzymeOhjobykeHwzbeocv.txys,ethykehyrmethy
pjsgteHcvyasyzeOcv.xtyseOrxaevyytjkn 

SjohwsmeNwssjctt
Wgtsckwxt'gegckezhc,ewgeRcsmeAsjtjgh,
osywtymeXrtjvwezcsrmeckeocv.xtysemjgbg 

AjrreNwtyg
Ocoblezjuwsm,eHwsdwsmemsc.cxtezhcezsctyeWrtwjseAWGJO,
wkmeocv.rwjkymezhykehwobysgeoc.jymejt 

AjrreNcg.ys
Hcszjtuecpeocv.xtysebylacwsmg,evwgtysevwthewkmeRJPYehwobys
wteVJTeWJerwa,enxsxecpethyeHwobyseYthjoewkmegtxmyktecp
Ohjkygyesygtwxswktevykxg 

SjohwsmeNsyykarwtt
Gjknry-vjkmym,exkbyv.t,e.scrjpjo,ewkmeowkckjowreVJTehwobys
zhcezyktejktcekjnhte.hwgyegcecptykethwtehyeucsohym
hjgewowmyvjoeowsyys eeThyehwobys'gehwobys 

IchkeHwssjg
ThyelcxkneWtwsje800enwvyehwobysezhceayowvyeGjyssweCk-Rjky'g
gtwse.scnswvvys,eaxtelywskymepcsepyvwryeocv.wkjckghj. 

JAV-.O
JAV'geyktslejktcethye.ysgckwreocv.xtysevwsbyt
zhjohewvwujknrlejkorxmymeweajtecpethyeHwobyseYthjo,
wkmetccbecdys ee[H Y ewgec.ykewsohjtyotxsy ]

JAVe704
JAVezwgeThyeYkyvl,ewkmethjgezwgejtgevwohjky,
thyeHxrbjkneNjwkteocv.xtysejkeVJT'geAxjrmjkne26 
RwtysevcmjpjymejktcethyeJAVe709,ethykethyeJAVe7090 
Awtoh-.scoyggymewkmejktcryswary 

IyssleIyzyrr
Djytkwvedytetxskyme.scnswvvysezhcepcxkmymeGjsjxgeGcptzwsy 

GtydykeIcag
Djgjckwsl,eaywmym,ekck-hwobjknelcxkngtysezhcetccb
Zcukjwb'geW..ryeJJe][,evwmyewerctecpemywrg,
wkmepcsvymeweocv.wklethwtezcxrmevwbyeweajrrjckemcrrwsg 

TcveBkjnht
Wtegjftyyk,ewkeVJTehwobysezhcezcxrmekwvyethy
Jkocv.wtjaryeTjvy-ghwsjkneGlgtyv eeRwtysew
NsyykarwttekyvygjgecdysethyeRJG.evwohjkyegohjgv 

WrwkeBctcb
ThyeohxaaleVJTegtxmyktepscveIysgylezhcezcsbym
xkmysethyeswjrerwlcxtewteTVSO,erywskymethye.hckyeglgtyv
wteZygtyskeYryotsjo,ewkmeayowvyewerynykmwsleTF-0ewkme.M.-1ehwobys 

YppsyveRj.bjk
Hwobys-wotjdjgtepscveKyzeLcsbezhcercdymevwohjkyg
axtehwtymethyjsexgyg eeOc-PcxkmymeOcvvxkjtleVyvcsl;
psjykmecpePyrgykgtyjk 

RJG.eVwohjky
Thyexrtjvwtyehwobyseocv.xtys,ejkdyktymevcgrlealeNsyykarwtt
wkmegxaiyotecpeweajttysemjg.xtyewteVJT 

"Xkory"eIchkeVoOwsthl
Wagykt-vjkmymeaxteasjrrjwkteVJTe[rwtyseGtwkpcsm]e.scpyggcs
zhcehyr.yme.jckyyseocv.xtyseohygg,ewstjpjojwrejktyrrjnykoy,eRJG. 

AcaeVwsgh
Aysbyryl-jtyewkmeHcvyasyzysezhceghwsymenwswnyezjthePyrgykgtyjk
wkmepcxkmyme.scoyggcseTyohkcrcnl,ezhjohevwmyethyeGcreocv.xtys 

ScnyseVyryk
Hcvyasyzysezhceoc-pcxkmymeOscvyvoceocv.wkletcevwby
ojsoxjteacwsmgepcseWrtwjs eeHjge"Mwuurys"e.rwlymeRJPY
.scnswvgeckehjgebjtohyketwary 

RcxjgeVystck
.gyxmcklvepcsethyeWJeohyggehwobysezhcgyetykmykol
tcenceowtwtckjoeascxnhtethyehwobyseocvvxkjtletcnythys 

IxmyeVjrhck
VyteRyyePyrgykgtyjkethscxnheweorwggjpjymewmejkethy
AysbyryleAwsa,ewkmeayowvyevcsyethwkewepsjykm--
wevyvaysecpethyeOcvvxkjtleVyvcsleocrryotjdy 

VwsdjkeVjkgbl
.rwlpxrewkmeasjrrjwkteVJTe.scpezhcehywmymethyeWJerwdy
wkmewrrczymethyehwobysgetcesxkepsyy 

PsymeVccsy
Dwnwackme.wojpjgtezhcehwtymevckyl,ercdymetyohkcrcnl,
wkmeoc-pcxkmymeHcvyasyzeOrxa 

GtyzwsteKyrgck
Axob-tccthym,emjvjkxtjdy,eaxtepjysleWJerwaehwobys
zhceockkyotymethye.M.-1eocv.txysetcehwobethye.hckyeglgtyv 
Rwtyseoc-pcxkmymethyeGlgtyvgeOckoy.tgeocv.wkl 

TymeKyrgck
Gyrp-mygosjayme"jkkcdwtcs"ewkmekctymeoxsvxmnyck
zhcegyrp-.xarjghymethyejkprxyktjwreOcv.xtyseRjaeaccb 

SxggyreKcptgbys
HwssjymewmvjkjgtswtcsecpeVJTeWJerwaejkethyerwtyegjftjyg;
rwtyse.sygjmyktecpeGlvacrjogeocv.wkl 

WmwveCgacsky
Awknbcb-acske.xarjghys-txskym-ocv.xtys-vwkxpwotxsys
zhceockgjmysymehjvgyrpewe.hjrgc.hys eePcxkmymeCgacsky
Ocv.xtyseOcv.wkletcevwbye"wmyqxwty"evwohjkyg 

.M.-1
MjnjtwreYqxj.vykt'gepjsgtevjkjocv.xtys,ewkmejke1961
wkejktyswotjdyencmgykmetcethyeVJTehwobysgewkmew
grw.ejkethyepwoyetceJAVepwgojgv 

.M.-6
Mygjnkymejke.wstealeBctcb,ethjgevwjkpswvyeocv.xtys
zwgeocskysgtckyecpeWJerwa,ezjthejtgencsnyjcxgejkgtsxotjckegyt
wkmegjftyykegyflesynjgtysg 

Tcve.jttvwk
ThyesyrjnjcxgeHcvyasyzehwobysezhcercgtehjgezjpy
axteby.tethyepwjthezjthehjgeTjkleAwgjo 

YmeScaystg
YkjnvwtjoepcxkmysecpeVJTGeocv.wklezhceghccbethyezcsrm
zjthehjgeWrtwjseocv.xtys eeHyezwktymetcehyr.e.yc.ry
axjrmevyktwre.lswvjmg 

Gtydye[Grxn]eSxggyrr
VoOwsthl'ge"occrjy,"ezhcehwobymethyeG.woyzwse.scnswv,
pjsgtedjmycnwvy,eckethye.M.-1 eeKydysevwmyewemjvyepscvejt 

.ytyseGwvgck
VJTehwobys,eckyecpethyepjsgt,ezhcercdymeglgtyvg,etswjkg,
TF-0,evxgjo,e.wsrjwvyktwsle.scoymxsy,e.swkbg,ewkmehwobjkn 

AcaeGwxkmysg
Icrrl,eawrmjkneTVSOehwobysezhcevwssjymeywsrl,
hwobymetjrrerwtyewtekjnhteywtjkne"ryvckenxkbjyg,"
wkmevwgtysymethye"OAGeGtswtynleckeG.woyzws 

ZwssykeGohzwmys
AjnearckmehwobysepscvesxswreZjgockgjkezhcezyktepscv
thyewggyvarlerjkyetcegcptzwsyegtwsmcveaxteocxrmk't
syockojryethyeghjptezjthehjgemydctjcketceIyhcdwh'geZjtkyggyg 

MwdjmeGjrdys
RyptegohccrewtepcxstyyketceayevwgoctecpeWJerwa;
vwbysecpejrrjojtebylgewkmeaxjrmysecpewetjklescact
thwtemjmethyejv.cggjary 

MwkeGcbcr
Rckn-hwjsyme.swkbgtysezhcesydyrymejkesydywrjknetyohkcrcnjowr
gyosytgewteHcvyasyzeOrxa eeHyr.yme"rjayswty"eWrwjseAWGJO
cke.w.ysetw.y 

RygeGcrcvck
Ymjtcsecpe.c.xrwseYryotscjog,ethye.xrrysecpegtsjkng
zhcegytethyeocv.xtysesydcrxtjckejktcevctjck 

VwstleG.ysnyr
ThyeIxkbeVwk,ethyeHcvyasyzevyvaysezhcegx..rjymeojsoxjtg
wkmeowarygewkmeocxrmevwbyelcxewemywrepcsewklthjkn 

SjohwsmeGtwrrvwk
ThyeRwgtecpethyeHwobysg,ezhcedczymetcemypykm
thye.sjkoj.rygecpeHwobysjgvetcethyeajttyseykm 
SyvwjkymewteVJTexktjrethysyezwgekceckyetceywt
Ohjkygyepccmezjth 

IyppeGty.hykgck
Thjstl-lyws-crmevwstjwrewstgedytyswkewkmehwobys
zhcezwgewgtcxkmymethwteicjkjkneGjyssweCk-Rjky
vywkteykscrrjknejkeGxvvyseOwv. 

IwleGxrrjdwk
VWmmykjknrleorwvezjuwsm-rydyre.scnswvvysewteJkpcsvwtjogezhc
jv.syggymeBykeZjrrjwvgealebkczjknethyevywkjknecpethyezcsme"wkl "

MjobeGxkmysrwkm
Ohwrb-ocv.ryfjckymeVAWezhceayrjydymethwtepjsvevwkwnysjwr
axsywxoswolezwgewezcsthencwr,eaxtewge.sygjmyktecpeGjyssweCk-Rjky
pcxkmethwtehwobysgemjmk'tethjkbethwtezwl 

NyssleGxggvwk
LcxkneVJTehwobyseaswkmyme"rcgys"eayowxgyehyegvcbymewe.j.y
wkme"vxknym"ehjge.scnswvg;erwtyseayowvye"zjkkys"ealewrncsjthvjoevwnjo 

VwsncteTcvvysdjb
ZjthehysehxgawkmeWr,erckn-hwjsymeVwsncte.wsrwlymehys
nwvyeghczezjkkjkngejktcewevwnwujkyethwtemyjpjymethyeW..ryeOcv.xtys 

TcveGzjpteTysvjkwr
RyyePyrgykgtyjk'gerynykmwsl,ekydys-tc-ay-axjrteocv.xtysetysvjkwr
zhjohezcxrmenjdyethyexgysexrtjvwtyerywdyetcenytehjgehwkmgeckethyezcsrm 

TF-0
Pjrrymewegvwrresccv,eaxtejkethyerwtyepjptjygethjge$3evjrrjckevwohjky
zwgethyezcsrm'gepjsgte.ysgckwreocv.xtys--pcsethyeocvvxkjtlecp
VJTehwobysgethwtepcsvymewscxkmejt 

IjveZwssyk
.cstrle.xsdylcsecpe"tyohkc-ncggj."ewteHcvyasyz,
hyezwgepjsgteymjtcsecpehj..jy-gtlrymeMs eMcaageIcxskwr,
rwtysegtwstymethyerxoswtjdyeOcv.xtysePwjsy 

SwkmleZjnnjktck
Pjptyyk-lyws-crmevyvaysecpeGtydyeZcukjwb'gebjmmjyeocs.g,
hyehyr.eZcuetsxkmryethyeW..ryeJJetceHcvyasyz 
GtjrrejkehjnhegohccrezhykehyeayowvyeW..ry'gepjsgtegcptzwsyeyv.rclyy 

BykeZjrrjwvg
Wsscnwktewkmeasjrrjwktelcxkne.scnswvvysezhcegwzethyezsjtjkneckethyeOST
wkmegtwstymeGjyssweCk-Rjkyetcevwbyewebjrrjknewkmejv.scdyegcojytl
alegyrrjknenwvygepcsethyeW..ryeocv.xtys 

ScaystweZjrrjwvg
BykeZjrrjwvg'etjvjmezjpyezhcesymjgocdysymehyseczkeosywtjdjtl
alezsjtjkne"VlgtysleHcxgy,"ethyepjsgtecpehysevwkleaygtgyrrjkn
ocv.xtysenwvyg 

Gtydyke"Zcu"eZcukjwb
C.ykhywstym,etyohkcrcnjowrrlemwsjknehwsmzwsyehwobys
pscveGwkeIcgyegxaxsag eZcueaxjrtethyeW..ryeOcv.xtys
pcsethye.rywgxsyecpehjvgyrpewkmepsjykmg 





.WSTeCKYeTsxyeHwobysg
OWVASJMNY:eThyePjptjygewkmeGjftjyg

OHW.TYSe1eeTHYeTYOHeVCMYReSWJRSCWMeORXA

Ixgtezhle.ytyseGwvgckezwgezwkmysjknewscxkmejkeAxjrmjkne26ejkethy
vjmmryecpethyekjnhtejgewevwttysethwtehyezcxrmepjkmemjppjoxrtetc
yf.rwjk eeGcvyethjkngewsyekcteg.cbyk eeJpelcxezysyerjbyethy
.yc.ryezhcve.ytyseGwvgckezwgeocvjknetcebkczewkmeaypsjykmejkethjg,
hjgepsyghvwkelywsewtethyeVwggwohxgyttgeJkgtjtxtyecpeTyohkcrcnlejk
thyezjktysecpe1958-59,ekceyf.rwkwtjckezcxrmeayesyqxjsym 
Zwkmysjknewscxkmethyerwalsjkthecperwacswtcsjygewkmegtcsysccvg,
gywsohjknepcsethyegyosytgecpetyry.hckyegzjtohjknejkevwohjky
sccvg,etswojkne.wthgecpezjsygecsesyrwlgejkegxatysswkywkegtywv
txkkyrge e ee eepcsegcvy,ejtezwgeocvvckeayhwdjcs,ewkmethysyezwg
kcekyymetceixgtjplethyejv.xrgy,ezhykeockpscktymezjtheweorcgym
mccsezjthewkexkaywswarlejktsjnxjknekcjgyeayhjkmejt,etcec.ykethy
mccsexkjkdjtym eeWkmethyk,ejpethysyezwgekceckyetce.hlgjowrrleaws
wooyggetcezhwtydysezwgevwbjknethwtejktsjnxjknekcjgy,etcetcxohethy
vwohjky,egtwsteprjobjknegzjtohygewkmekctjknesyg.ckgyg,ewkm
ydyktxwrrletcerccgykewegosyz,exkhccbewetyv.rwty,eijnnryegcvy
mjcmygewkmetzywbewepyzeockkyotjckg ee.ytyseGwvgckewkmehjgepsjykmg
hwmensczkex.ezjtheweg.yojpjoesyrwtjckghj.etcethyezcsrm,ezhysyjk
thjkngehwmevywkjkneckrlejpelcxepcxkmecxtehczethylezcsbym eeWkm
hczezcxrmelcxencewacxtethwtejpekctealenyttjknelcxsehwkmgeckethyv?

JtezwgejkethyeawgyvyktecpeAxjrmjkne26ethwteGwvgckewkmehjgepsjykmg
mjgocdysymethyeYWVesccv eeAxjrmjkne26ezwgewercknenrwgg-wkm-gtyyr
gtsxotxsy,eckyecpeVJT'gekyzyseaxjrmjkng,eocktswgtjknezjthethy
dykyswarye.jrrwsymegtsxotxsygethwtepscktymethyeJkgtjtxtyeck
VwggwohxgyttgeWdykxy eeJkethyeawgyvyktecpethjgeaxjrmjknedcjmecp
.ysgckwrjtl,ethyeYWVesccv eeYryotsckjoeWoocxktjkneVwohjkysl eeW
sccvethwtehcxgymevwohjkygezhjoheswkerjbyeocv.xtysg 

Kctevwkle.yc.ryejke1959ehwmeydykegyykeweocv.xtys,erytewrcky
tcxohymecky eeGwvgck,ewezjsl,eoxsrl-hwjsymesymhywmezjthewezwlecp
yftykmjknehjgedczyrgegcethwtejtezcxrmegyyvehyezwgeswojknethscxnh
rjgtgecpe.cggjaryevywkjkngecpegtwtyvyktgejkevjm-zcsm,ehwmedjyzym
ocv.xtysgeckehjgedjgjtgetceVJTepscvehjgehcvytczkecpeRczyrr,
Vwggwohxgyttg,eryggethwkethjstlevjrygepscveowv.xg eeThjgevwmyehjv
we"Owvasjmnyexsohjk,"eckyecpemcuykgecpegojykoy-oswulehjnh
gohccrysgejkethyesynjckezhcezysyemswzk,ewgejpealenswdjtwtjckwr
.xrr,etcethyeOwvasjmnyeowv.xg eeHyehwmeydyketsjymetcesjnex.ehjg
czkeocv.xtysezjthemjgowsmyme.wstgecpecrme.jkawrrevwohjkyg:ethyl
zysyethyeaygtegcxsoyecpercnjoeyryvyktgehyeocxrmepjkm 

RCNJOeYRYVYKTG:eethyetysvegyyvgetceykow.gxrwtyezhwtemsyze.ytys
Gwvgck,egckecpewevjrrevwohjkyslesy.wjsvwk,etceyryotsckjog eeThy
gxaiyotevwmyegykgy eeZhykelcxensczex.ezjthewkejkgwtjwary
oxsjcgjtlewgetcehczethjkngezcsb,ethyemyrjnhtelcxepjkmex.ck
mjgocdysjknegcvythjknewgeyrynwktewgeojsoxjtercnjo,ezhysyewrr
ockkyotjckgehwdyetceocv.rytyethyjsercc.g,ejge.scpcxkmrl
thsjrrjkn ee.ytyseGwvgck,ezhceywsrleckew..syojwtymethy
vwthyvwtjowregjv.rjojtlecpethygyethjkng,eocxrmesyowrregyyjknew
tyrydjgjckeghczeckeAcgtck'ge.xarjoeTDeohwkkyr,eZNAH,ezhjohenwdyew
sxmjvyktwslejktscmxotjcketce.scnswvvjkneweocv.xtysejkejtgeczk
rwknxwny eeJtepjsymehjgejvwnjkwtjck:etce.ytyseGwvgck,eweocv.xtys
zwgegxsyrlerjbyeWrwmmjk'gerwv.--sxaejt,ewkmejtezcxrmemcelcxs
ajmmjkn eeGcehyetsjymetcerywskevcsyewacxtethyepjyrm,eaxjrt
vwohjkygecpehjgeczk,eyktysymegojykoye.sciyoteocv.ytjtjckgewkm
ocktygtg,ewkmezyktetcethye.rwoyethwte.yc.ryecpehjgejrbewg.jsym
tc:eVJT eeThyesy.cgjtcslecpethyedysleasjnhtygtecpethcgyezyjsm
hjnhegohccrebjmgezjtheczr-rjbyenrwggygewkmexkmysmydyrc.ym
.yotcswrgezhcemwuurymevwthetywohysgewkmeprxkbyme.Y,ezhcemsywvym
kctecpegocsjknecke.scvekjnht,eaxtecpenyttjknetcethyepjkwrgecpethy
NykyswreYryotsjoeGojykoyePwjseocv.ytjtjck eeVJT,ezhysyehyezcxrm
zwkmysethyehwrrzwlgewtetzcec'orcobejkethyevcskjkn,erccbjknepcs
gcvythjknejktysygtjkn,ewkmezhysyehyezcxrmejkmyymemjgocdys
gcvythjknethwtezcxrmehyr.emswzehjvemyy.rlejktcewekyzepcsvecp
osywtjdye.scoygg,ewkmewekyzerjpy-gtlry,ewkmezcxrme.xtehjvejktc
thyepcsypscktecpewegcojytleykdjgjckymeckrlealewepyz
gojykoy-pjotjckezsjtysgecpevjrmemjgsy.xty eeHyezcxrmemjgocdysew
ocv.xtysethwtehyeocxrme.rwlezjth 

ThyeYWVesccvezhjoheGwvgckehwmeohwkoymeckezwgercwmymezjtherwsny
byl.xkohevwohjkygethyegjuyecpegqxwtepjryeowajkytg eeKceckyezwg
.sctyotjknethyv:ethyesccvezwgegtwppymeckrlealemwl,ezhykewegyryot
nscx.ezhcehwmewttwjkymecppjojwreorywswkoyezysye.sjdjrynymeykcxnh
tcegxavjtercknevwkjrweowsmgetcec.yswtcsgezhcezcxrmethykexgyethygy
vwohjkygetce.xkohehcrygejkethyvewoocsmjknetcezhwtemwtwethy
.sjdjrynymeckygezwktymeyktysymeckethyeowsmg eeWehcryejkethyeowsm
zcxrmesy.sygyktegcvyejkgtsxotjcketcethyeocv.xtys,etyrrjknejtetc
.xtewe.jyoyecpemwtwegcvyzhysy,ecse.yspcsvewepxkotjckeckewe.jyoy
cpemwtw,ecsevcdyewe.jyoyecpemwtwepscveckye.rwoyetcewkcthys eeWk
yktjsyegtwobecpethygyeowsmgevwmyeckyeocv.xtyse.scnswv,ewe.scnswv
ayjknewegysjygecpejkgtsxotjckgezhjoheljyrmegcvyeyf.yotymesygxrt,
ixgtewgethyejkgtsxotjckgejkewesyoj.y,ezhyke.syojgyrlepcrrczym,
rywmetceweowby eeThcgyeowsmgezcxrmeayetwbyketcelytewkcthys
c.yswtcsex.gtwjsgezhcezcxrmepyymethyeowsmgejktcewe"sywmys"ethwt
zcxrmekctyezhysyethyehcrygezysyewkmemjg.wtohethjgejkpcsvwtjcketc
thyeJAVe704eocv.xtyseckethyepjsgteprccsecpeAxjrmjkne26 eeThy
HxrbjkneNjwkt 

ThyeJAVe704eocgtegydyswrevjrrjckemcrrwsg,etccbex.ewkeyktjsyesccv,
kyymymeockgtwktewttyktjckepscveweowmsyecpe.scpyggjckwrevwohjky
c.yswtcsg,ewkmesyqxjsymeg.yojwrewjs-ockmjtjckjknegcethwtethy
nrczjknedwoxxvetxaygejkgjmyejtezcxrmekctehywtex.etc
mwtw-mygtscljknetyv.yswtxsyg eeZhykethyewjs-ockmjtjckjkneascby
mczk--wepwjsrleocvvckecooxssykoyg--wercxmencknezcxrmegcxkm,ewkm
thsyyeyknjkyysgezcxrmeg.sjknepscvewekywsalecppjoyetcepswktjowrrl
twbyeocdysgecppethyevwohjkyegcejtgejkkwsmgezcxrmk'tevyrt eeWrr
thygye.yc.ryejkeohwsnyecpe.xkohjkneowsmg,epyymjknethyvejktc
sywmysg,ewkme.syggjkneaxttckgewkmegzjtohygeckethyevwohjkyezysy
zhwtezwgeocvvckrleowrrymewe.sjygthccm,ewkmethcgye.sjdjrynym
ykcxnhetcegxavjtemwtwetcethcgyevcgtehcrle.sjygtgezysyethy
cppjojwrewocrltyg eeJtezwgewkewrvcgtesjtxwrjgtjoeyfohwkny 

WOCRLTY:eeChevwohjky,ezcxrmelcxewooy.tevlecppysecpejkpcsvwtjckegc
lcxevwlesxkevle.scnswvewkme.yshw.genjdyevyeweocv.xtwtjck?

.SJYGTe(ckeayhwrpecpethyevwohjky):eeZyezjrretsl eeZye.scvjgy
kcthjkn 

Wgewenykyswresxry,eydykethygyevcgte.sjdjrynymecpewocrltygezysy
kctewrrczymemjsyotewooyggetcethyevwohjkyejtgyrp,ewkmethylezcxrm
kcteayewaryetcegyyepcsehcxsg,egcvytjvygepcsemwlg,ethyesygxrtgecp
thyevwohjky'gejknygtjckecpethyjse"awtoh"ecpeowsmg 

ThjgezwgegcvythjkneGwvgckebkyz,ewkmecpeocxsgyejtepsxgtswtymethy
hyrrecxtecpeGwvgck,ezhcezwktymetcenytewtethyemwvkevwohjky eePcs
thjgezwgezhwterjpyezwgewrrewacxt 

ZhwteGwvgckemjmekctebkcz,ewkmezwgemyrjnhtymetcemjgocdys,ezwgethwt
thyeYWVesccvewrgcehwmewe.wstjoxrwsebyl.xkohevwohjkyeowrrymethy
407 eeKcteckrleocxrmejte.xkoheowsmg,eaxtejteocxrmewrgcesywm
owsmg,egcstethyv,ewkme.sjktethyveckerjgtjkng eeKceckyegyyvymetc
ayenxwsmjknethygyevwohjkyg,ezhjohezysyeocv.xtysg,egcstecp eeCp
ocxsgy,exgjknethyvezcxrmeayekce.jokjo:eckyekyymymetcewotxwrrl
zjsyex.ezhwtezwgeowrrymewe.rxneacwsm,ewetzc-jkoh-al-tzc-jkoh
.rwgtjoegqxwsyezjthewevwggecpehcrygejkejt eeJpelcxe.xtehxkmsymg
cpezjsygethscxnhethyehcrygejkeweoystwjkecsmys,elcxezcxrmenyt
gcvythjknethwterccbymerjbyeweswt'gekygteaxtezcxrmepjtejktcethjg
yryotscvyohwkjowrevwohjkyewkmewrtysejtge.ysgckwrjtl eeJteocxrmemc
zhwtelcxezwktymejtetcemc 

Gc,ezjthcxtewklewxthcsjuwtjckezhwtgcydys,ethwtejgezhwte.ytys
Gwvgckegytecxtetcemc,ewrcknezjthewepyzepsjykmgecpehjgepscvewkeVJT
csnwkjuwtjckezjtheweg.yojwrejktysygtejkevcmyreswjrscwmjkn eeJt
zwgeweowgxwr,exkthjkbjknegty.ejktcewegojykoy-pjotjckepxtxsy,eaxt
thwtezwgetl.jowrecpethyezwlethwtewkecmmegxaoxrtxsyezwge.xrrjkn
jtgyrpex.ealejtgeacctgtsw.gewkmensczjknetcexkmysnscxkm
.scvjkykoy--tceayocvyeweoxrtxsyethwtezcxrmeayethyejv.crjty,
xkgwkotjckymegcxrecpeocv.xtysmcv eeJtezwgewvcknethyepjsgt
ocv.xtysehwobyseygow.wmygecpethyeTyoheVcmyreSwjrscwmeOrxa,ecs
TVSO 

eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee*e*e*

.ytyseGwvgckehwmeayykewevyvaysecpethyeTyoheVcmyreSwjrscwmeOrxa
gjkoyehjgepjsgtezyybewteVJTejkethyepwrrecpe1958 eeThyepjsgteydykt
thwteyktysjkneVJTepsyghvykewttykmymezwgewetswmjtjckwrezyrocvjkn
ryotxsy,ethyegwvyeckyethwtehwmeayykenjdykepcsewgercknewgewklcky
wteVJTeocxrmesyvyvays eeRCCBeWTeTHYe.YSGCKeTCeLCXSeRYPTe e e 
RCCBeWTeTHYe.YSGCKeTCeLCXSeSJNHTe e e eeCKYeCPeLCXeTHSYYeZJRReKCT
NSWMXWTYePSCVeTHYeJKGTJTXTY eeThyejktykmymeyppyotecpethyeg.yyoh
zwgetceosywtyethwtehcssjmepyyrjknejkethyeawobecpethyeocrryotjdy
psyghvwkethscwtethwtegjnkwrymexk.syoymyktymemsywm eeWrrethyjs
rjdyg,ethygyepsyghvykehwmeayykewrvcgteyfyv.tepscvewowmyvjo
.syggxsy eeThyeyfyv.tjckehwmeayykeywskymealedjstxyecpeasjrrjwkoy 
Kczeywohecpethyvehwmewe.ysgcketcethyesjnhtewkmewe.ysgcketcethy
ryptezhcezwgeixgtewgegvwst eeVwlayeydykegvwstys 

Axtetceoystwjkegtxmyktgethjgezwgekceohwrryknyewtewrr eeTcethygy
lcxkngtysg,eorwggvwtygezysye.ysoyjdymejkewegcstecpepsjykmrlehwuy:
vwlayethylezcxrmeayecpewggjgtwkoyejkethyeockgxvjkneqxygtetcepjkm
cxtehczethjkngezcsbym,ewkmethyketcevwgtysethyv eeThysyezysy
ykcxnhecagtworygetcerywskjknewrsywml--zhleacthysezjthegtx.jm
thjkngerjbyeasczk-kcgjknetywohysgewkmegtsjdjknepcsenswmyg?eeTc
gtxmyktgerjbye.ytyseGwvgck,ethyeqxygtevywktevcsyethwkethyemynsyy 

GcvytjvyewptysethyeryotxsyeowvyePsyghvwkeVjmzwl eeWrrethyeowv.xg
csnwkjuwtjckg--g.yojwr-jktysygtenscx.g,epswtyskjtjyg,ewkmegxoh--
gytex.eaccthgejkewerwsnyenlvkwgjxvetcetsletcesyosxjtekyzevyvaysg 
Thyenscx.ethwtegkwnnyme.ytysezwgethyeTyoheVcmyreSwjrscwmeOrxa 
Jtgevyvaysg,easjnht-ylymewkmeosyz-oxttymex..ysorwggvykezhceg.cby
zjthethyeg.wgvcmjoeowmykoygecpe.yc.ryezhcezwktezcsmgecxtecpethy
zwlejkewehxssl,eacwgtymeweg.yotwoxrwsemjg.rwlecpeHCenwxnyetswjkg
thylehwmejkewe.ysvwkykteorxasccvejkeAxjrmjkne20 ee.ytyseGwvgck
hwmerckneayykepwgojkwtymealetswjkg,eyg.yojwrrlegxazwlg eeGcehy
zyktewrckneckethyezwrbjknetcxsetcethyeaxjrmjkn,eweghjknry-orwm
tyv.cswslegtsxotxsyeaxjrtemxsjkneZcsrmeZwseJJ eeThyehwrrzwlgezysy
owdyskcxg,ewkmeydykethcxnhethyeorxasccvezwgeckethyegyockmeprccs
jtehwmethyemwkb,emjvrlerjtepyyrecpeweawgyvykt 

Thyeorxasccvezwgemcvjkwtymealethyehxnyetswjkerwlcxt eeJteixgt
wacxtepjrrymethyesccv,ewkmejpelcxegtccmejkethyerjttryeocktscr
wsyweowrryme"thyekctoh"elcxeocxrmegyyewerjttryetczk,ewerjttry
jkmxgtsjwrewsyw,ewetjklezcsbjknetscrrylerjky,ewe.w.jys-vwohy
vcxktwjk,ewkmecpeocxsgyewerctecpetswjkgewkmetswobg eeThyetswjkg
zysyevytjoxrcxgrleoswptymetcesygyvaryethyjsepxrr-gowry
ocxktys.wstg,ewkmethyleohxnnymewrcknethyetzjgtgewkmetxskgecp
tswobezjthe.jotxsy-accbe.yspyotjck 

Wkmethyke.ytyseGwvgckerccbymexkmyskywthethyeohygt-hjnheacwsmg
zhjohehyrmethyerwlcxt eeJtetccbehjgeasywthewzwl eeXkmyskywthethjg
rwlcxtezwgewevcsyevwggjdyevwtsjfecpezjsygewkmesyrwlg,wkmeoscggaws
gzjtohygethwke.ytyseGwvgckehwmeydysemsywvymeyfjgtym eeThysyezysy
kywtesynjvyktwrerjkygecpegzjtohyg,ewkmewohjknrlesynxrwsesczgecp
mxrreasckuyesyrwlg,ewkmewerckn,eswvarjknetwknryecpesym,earxy,ewkm
lyrrczezjsyg--tzjgtjknewkmetzjsrjknerjbyeweswjkacz-ocrcsym
yf.rcgjckecpeYjkgtyjk'gehwjs eeJtezwgewkejkosymjarleocv.rjowtym
glgtyv,ewkme.ytyseGwvgckedczymetcepjkmecxtehczejtezcsbym 

ThyeTyoheVcmyreSwjrscwmeOrxaewzwsmymejtgevyvaysgewebyletcethy
orxasccvewptysethylercnnymepcstlehcxsgecpezcsbeckethyerwlcxt 
PsyghvwkeVjmzwlehwmeayykeckewePsjmwl eeAleVckmwl,e.ytyseGwvgck
hwmehjgebyl 

eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee*e*e*

ThysyezysyetzcepwotjckgecpeTVSO eeGcvyevyvaysgercdymethyejmywecp
g.ykmjknethyjsetjvyeaxjrmjknewkme.wjktjknesy.rjowgecpeoystwjk
tswjkgezjthehjgtcsjowrewkmeyvctjckwredwrxy,ecseosywtjknesywrjgtjo
goykyslepcsethyerwlcxt eeThjgezwgethyebkjpy-wkm-.wjktasxgh
ocktjknykt,ewkmejtegxagosjaymetceswjrscwmevwnwujkygewkmeaccbym
thyeorxaepcsetsj.geckewnjknetswjkerjkyg eeThyecthysepwotjck
oyktysymeckethyeGjnkwrgewkme.czyseGxaocvvjttyyecpethyeorxa,ewkm
jteowsymepwsevcsyewacxtezhwtezykteckexkmysethyerwlcxt eeThjgezwg
ThyeGlgtyv,ezhjohezcsbymegcvythjknerjbyeweocrrwacswtjckeaytzyyk
SxayeNcrmaysnewkmeZyskhysedckeAswxk,ewkmejtezwgeockgtwktrleayjkn
jv.scdym,esydwv.ym,e.yspyotym,ewkmegcvytjvyge"nsckbym"--jkeorxa
iwsnck,egosyzymex. eeG&.e.yc.ryezysyecagyggymezjthethyezwleThy
Glgtyvezcsbym,ejtgejkosywgjkneocv.ryfjtjyg,ehczewkleohwknyelcx
vwmyezcxrmewppyotecthyse.wstg,ewkmehczelcxeocxrme.xtethcgy
syrwtjckghj.geaytzyykethye.wstgetcec.tjvwrexgy 

Vwklecpethye.wstgepcseThyeGlgtyvehwmeayykemckwtymealethyeZygtysk
YryotsjoeOcrrynyeNjpte.rwk,emjsyotrlepscvethye.hckyeocv.wkl eeThy
orxa'gepwoxrtlewmdjgcsezwgewrgcejkeohwsnyecpethyeowv.xge.hcky
glgtyv,ewkmehwmegyyketcejtethwtegc.hjgtjowtyme.hckyeyqxj.vyktezwg
wdwjrwaryepcsethyevcmyreswjrscwmysg eeXgjknethwteyqxj.vyktewgew
gtwstjkne.cjkt,ethyeSwjrscwmysgehwmemydjgymewegohyvyezhjoh
ykwarymegydyswre.yc.ryetceocktscretswjkgewteckoy,eydykejpethy
tswjkgezysyewtemjppysykte.wstgecpethyegwvyetswob eeXgjknemjwrg
w..sc.sjwtymepscvetyry.hckyg,ethyeTVSOe"yknjkyysg"eocxrmeg.yojpl
zhjohearcobecpetswobethylezwktymeocktscrecp,ewkmesxkewetswjkepscv
thysy eeThjgezwgemckyealexgjknegydyswretl.ygecpe.hckyeocv.wkl
syrwlg,ejkorxmjkneoscggawseyfyoxtcsgewkmegty.egzjtohygezhjoheryt
lcxewotxwrrlehywsethye.czyseayjknetswkgpyssymepscveckyearcobetc
wkcthysealewkecthys-zcsrmrleohxkbw-ohxkbw-ohxkbwegcxkm 

JtezwgethyeG&.enscx.ezhcemydjgymethjgepjykmjghrlejknykjcxg
gohyvy,ewkmejtezwgethyeG&.enscx.ezhcehwsacsymethyebjkmecp
sygtryggeoxsjcgjtlezhjoherymethyvetcescctewscxkmeowv.xgeaxjrmjkng
jkegywsohecpezwlgetcenytethyjsehwkmgeckeocv.xtysg eeThylezysy
rjpyrcknemjgoj.rygecpeweHwkmg-CkeJv.yswtjdy eeHywmecpeG&.ezwgewk
x..ysorwggvwkekwvymeAcaeGwxkmysg,ezjthesxmml,eaxracxgepywtxsyg,
wkejkpyotjcxgerwxnh,ewkmewetwryktepcsegzjtohenyws eeWgeweohjrmejk
Ohjownc,ehyehwmeaxjrtewehjnh-psyqxykoletswkgpcsvysepcsewehjnh
gohccre.sciyot;ejtezwgehjgegjf-pcct-hjnhedysgjckecpeweTygrweocjr,
gcvythjknemydjgymealewkeyknjkyysejkethye1800gezhjohezwgegx..cgym
tcegykmecxtepxsjcxgezwdygecpeyryotsjowre.czys eeGwxkmysgegwjmehjg
ocjre.sciyotevwkwnymetcearczecxtetyrydjgjckesyoy.tjckepcsearcobg
wscxkm eeWkcthyse.ysgckezhcenswdjtwtymetceG&.ezwgeWrwkeBctcb,ew
.rxv.,eohjkrygg,ethjob-g.yotworymeKyzeIysgyljtyejkeGwvgck'g
orwgg eeBctcb'gepwvjrleocxrmesyowrrehjv,ewtewnyethsyy,e.sljknew
.rxnecxtecpewezwrrezjthewegosyzmsjdysewkmeowxgjknewehjggjkn
ghczysecpeg.wsbgetceysx.t eeZhykehyezwgegjf,ehyezwgeaxjrmjknewkm
zjsjknerwv.g eeJkehjnhegohccrehyehwmeckoyenckyeckewetcxsecpethy
VcajreSygywsoheRwaejkekywsaleHwmmckpjyrm,ewkmegwzehjgepjsgt
ocv.xtys--thyeyfhjrwswtjckecpethwteyf.ysjykoyehyr.ymehjvemyojmy
tceyktyseVJT eeJkehjgepsyghvwkelyws,ehyeywskymewesy.xtwtjckewg
ckyecpeTVSO'gevcgteow.waryeG&.e.yc.ry 

ThyeG&.e.yc.ryezysyethyeckygezhceg.ykteGwtxsmwlgencjknetceYrj
Hyppsck'geixkblwsmejkeGcvysdjrryegoscxknjknepcse.wstg,ezhcezcxrm
g.ykmehcxsgeckethyjseawobgesygtjkneckerjttryescrrjkneohwjsgethyl
owrryme"axkbjyg"etcenytexkmyskywthetjnhteg.ctgejkethyegzjtohjkn
glgtyv,ezhcezcxrmezcsbethscxnhethyekjnhtevwbjknethyezhcrrl
xkwxthcsjuymeockkyotjckeaytzyykethyeTVSOe.hckyewkmethyeYwgt
Owv.xg eeTyohkcrcnlezwgethyjse.rwlnscxkm 

Thyeocsyevyvaysgehxknecxtewtethyeorxaepcsehcxsg;eockgtwktrl
jv.scdjkneThyeGlgtyv,ewsnxjknewacxtezhwteocxrmeayemckyekyft,
mydyrc.jkneweiwsnckecpethyjseczkethwtegyyvymejkocv.syhykgjaryetc
cxtgjmysgezhcevjnhteohwkoyeckethygyetyyk-wnymepwkwtjog,ezjth
thyjseohyobymeghcst-gryydyeghjstg,e.ykojrgejkethyjse.cobytg,
ohjkce.wktg,ewkm,ewrzwlg,eweacttryecpeOcow-Ocrwealethyjsegjmy 
(TVSOe.xsohwgymejtgeczkeOcbyevwohjkyepcsethyethykepcsajmmjknegxv
cpe$165;ewtewetwsjppecpepjdyeoyktgeweacttry,ethyecxtrwlezwg
sy.rwoymejkethsyyevckthg;etcepwojrjtwtyegwryg,eGwxkmysgeaxjrtew
ohwknyevwohjkyepcseOcbyeaxlysgethwtezwgegtjrrejkexgyewemyowmy
rwtys )eZhykewe.jyoyecpeyqxj.vyktezwgk'tezcsbjkn,ejtezwg
"rcgjkn";ezhykewe.jyoyecpeyqxj.vyktezwgesxjkym,ejtezwge"vxknym"
(VwgheXktjreKceNccm);ethyetzcemygbgejkethyeocskysecpethyesccv
zysyekcteowrrymethyecppjoy,eaxtethye"csjpjoy";eckyezhcejkgjgtym
ckegtxmljknepcseocxsgygezwgewe"tccr";enwsawnyezwgeowrryme"osxpt";
wkmewe.sciyotexkmystwbykecsewe.scmxoteaxjrtekctegcryrletcepxrpjrr
gcvyeockgtsxotjdyencwr,eaxtezjthegcvyezjrme.rywgxsyetwbykejkevysy
jkdcrdyvykt,ezwgeowrrymewe"hwob "

ThjgerwttysetysvevwlehwdyeayykegxnnygtymealewkojykteVJTerjknc--
thyezcsme"hwob"ehwmerckneayykexgymetcemygosjayethyeyrwacswty
ocrrynye.swkbgethwteVJTegtxmyktgezcxrmesynxrwsrlemydjgy,egxohewg
ocdysjknethyemcvyethwtecdysrccbymethyeowv.xgezjthesypryotjkn
pcjr eeAxtewgethyeTVSOe.yc.ryexgymethyezcsm,ethysyezwgegysjcxg
syg.yotejv.rjym eeZhjryegcvyckyevjnhteowrreweorydyseockkyotjck
aytzyykesyrwlgewe"vysyehwob,"ejtezcxrmeayexkmysgtccmethwt,etc
qxwrjplewgewehwob,ethyepywtevxgteayejvaxymezjthejkkcdwtjck,
gtlry,ewkmetyohkjowredjstxcgjtl eeYdykethcxnheckyevjnht
gyrp-my.syowtjknrlegwlehyezwge"hwobjknewzwlewteThyeGlgtyv"e(vxoh
wgewkewfy-zjyrmysehwobgewtercng),ethyewstjgtslezjthezhjohecky
hwobymezwgesyocnkjuymetceayeockgjmyswary 

Thyevcgte.scmxotjdye.yc.ryezcsbjkneckeGjnkwrgewkme.czyseowrrym
thyvgyrdyge"hwobysg"ezjthensywte.sjmy eeZjthjkethyeockpjkygecp
thyeorxasccvejkeAxjrmjkne20,ewkmecpethye"TccreSccv"e(zhysyegcvy
gtxmlewkmevwkletyohkceaxrregyggjckgetccbe.rwoy),ethylehwm
xkjrwtyswrrleykmczymethyvgyrdygezjthethyehyscjoewttsjaxtygecp
Joyrwkmjoerynykm eeThjgejgehcze.ytyseGwvgckegwzehjvgyrpewkmehjg
psjykmgejkeweGwkmaxsn-ygqxye.cyvejkethyeorxaekyzgryttys:

GzjtoheThsczysepcsethyeZcsrm,
PxuyeTygtys,eVwbysecpeScxtyg,
.rwlysezjthethyeSwjrscwmgewkmethyeGlgtyv'geWmdwkoyeOhc..ys;
Nsxknl,ehwjsl,eg.swzrjkn,
Vwohjkyecpethye.cjkt-PxkotjckeRjky-c-rjty:
ThyletyrrevyelcxewsyezjobymewkmeJeayrjydyethyv;epcseJehwdyegyyk
eeeeeeeeeeeelcxse.wjktymerjnhteaxragexkmysethyerxojtyerxsjkn
eeeeeeeeeeeethyeglgtyveoccrjyge e e 
Xkmysethyetczys,emxgtewrrecdysethye.rwoy,ehwobjknezjtheajpxs-
eeeeeeeeeeeeowtymeg.sjknge e e 
Hwobjkneydykewgewkejnkcswktepsyghvwkewotgezhcehwgekydysercgt
eeeeeeeeeeeecoox.wkolewkmehwgemsc..ymecxt
HwobjknethyeV-Acwsmg,epcsexkmysejtgercobgewsyethyegzjtohyg,ewkm
eeeeeeeeeeeexkmysejtgeocktscrethyewmdwkoyewscxkmethyerwlcxt,
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeHwobjkn!
Hwobjknethyensxknl,ehwjsl,eg.swzrjknehwobgecpelcxth;exkowarym,
eeeeeeeeeeeepsljknemjcmyg,e.scxmetceayeGzjtoh-thsczys,ePxuy-
eeeeeeeeeeeetygtys,eVwbysecpeScxtyg,e.rwlysezjtheSwjrscwmg,
eeeeeeeeeeeewkmeWmdwkoyeOhc..ysetcethyeGlgtyv 

Zhykydysethyleocxrm,eGwvgckewkmethyecthysgezcxrmegrj.ecppetcethy
YWVesccvezjthethyjse.rxneacwsmg,etsljknetcexgyethyevwohjkyetc
byy.etswobecpethyegzjtohygexkmyskywthethyerwlcxt eeIxgtewg
jv.cstwkt,ethylezysyegyyjknezhwtethyeyryotscvyohwkjowreocxktys
ocxrmemc,etwbjknejtetcejtgerjvjt 

Thwteg.sjknecpe1959,ewekyzeocxsgyezwgecppysymewteVJT eeJtezwgethy
pjsgteocxsgyejke.scnswvvjkneweocv.xtysethwtepsyghvykeocxrmetwby 
Thyetywohysezwgewemjgtwktevwkezjthewezjrmeghcobecpehwjsewkmewk
yqxwrrlexksxrleaywsm--IchkeVoOwsthl eeWevwgtysevwthyvwtjojwk,
VoOwsthlezwgeweorwggjowrrlewagykt-vjkmyme.scpyggcs;egtcsjyg
wacxkmymewacxtehjgehwajtecpegxmmykrlewkgzysjkneweqxygtjckehcxsg,
gcvytjvygeydykemwlgewptysejtezwgepjsgte.cgymetcehjv eeHyezcxrm
w..scwohelcxejkethyehwrrzwl,ewkmezjthekcegwrxtwtjckezcxrmeaynjk
g.ywbjknejkehjgescactjowrrle.syojgyemjotjck,ewgejpethye.wxgyejk
ockdysgwtjckehwmeayykeckrlewepswotjckecpewegyockm,ewkmekctew
zyyb eeVcgterjbyrl,ehjgeayrwtymesyg.ckgyezcxrmeayeasjrrjwkt 

VoOwsthlezwgeckyecpewedyslepyze.yc.ryezcsbjknejkewkeyktjsyrlekyz
pcsvecpegojyktjpjoejkqxjslezjtheocv.xtysg eeThyedcrwtjryewkm
ocktscdysgjwrekwtxsyecpehjgepjyrmecpegtxmlezwgecadjcxgepscvethy
dyslewsscnwkoyecpethyekwvyethwteVoOwsthlehwmeaygtczymex.ckejt:
WstjpjojwreJktyrrjnykoy eeThjgevwkewotxwrrlethcxnhtethwt
ocv.xtysgeocxrmeayeGVWST eeYdykewtegxohewegojykoy-jktykgjdye.rwoy
wgeVJT,evcgte.yc.ryeockgjmysymethyethcxnhtesjmjoxrcxg:ethyl
ockgjmysymeocv.xtysgetceayexgypxr,ejpegcvyzhwtewagxsmrl
yf.ykgjdy,etccrgepcsekxvays-osxkohjknehxnyeowroxrwtjckgewkmepcs
mydjgjknevjggjryemypykgyeglgtyvge(wgeVJT'gerwsnygteocv.xtys,ethy
Zhjsrzjkm,ehwmemckyepcsethyeywsrl-zwskjkneGWNYeglgtyv),eaxt
gocppymewtethyethcxnhtethwteocv.xtysgethyvgyrdygeocxrmewotxwrrl
ayewegojyktjpjoepjyrmecpegtxml,eOcv.xtyseGojykoyemjmekct
cppjojwrrleyfjgtewteVJTejkethyerwtyepjptjyg,ewkmeVoOwsthlewkmehjg
pyrrczeocv.xtyseg.yojwrjgtgezcsbymejkethyeYryotsjowreYknjkyysjkn
My.wstvykt,ezhjohecppysymethyeocxsgy,eKc ee641,ethwteBctcb,
Gwvgck,ewkmewepyzecthyseTSVOevyvaysgetccbethwteg.sjkn 

VoOwsthlehwmegtwstymewevwvvcthe.scnswveckethyeJAVe704--thy
HxrbjkneNjwkt--thwtezcxrmenjdyejtethyeyftswcsmjkwslewajrjtletc
.rwleohygg eeTceosjtjogecpethyeaxmmjknepjyrmecpeWstjpjojwr
Jktyrrjnykoy,ethjgezwgeixgteckyeyfwv.ryecpethyeackyhywmym
c.tjvjgvecpe.yc.ryerjbyeIchkeVoOwsthl eeAxteVoOwsthlehwmew
oystwjkedjgjckecpezhwteocv.xtysgeocxrmemc,ewkme.rwljkneohyggezwg
ckrlethyeaynjkkjkn 

Wrrepwgojkwtjknegtxpp,eaxtekctethyedjgjckethwtezwgemsjdjkneBctcb
wkmeGwvgckewkmethyecthysg eeThylezwktymetcerywskehczetceZCSBethy
mwvkevwohjkyg,ewkmezhjryethjgekyze.scnswvvjknerwknxwnyeowrrym
RJG.ethwteVoOwsthlezwgetwrbjknewacxtejke641ezwgejktysygtjkn,ejt
zwgekctekywsrlewgejktysygtjknewgethyewotecpe.scnswvvjkn,ecsethwt
pwktwgtjoevcvyktezhykelcxenctelcxse.sjktcxteawobepscvethy
.sjygthccm--zcsmepscvethyegcxsoyejtgyrp!--wkmeocxrmethykeg.ykm
hcxsge.csjknecdysethyesygxrtgecpethye.scnswv,ezhwtehwmenckyezsckn
zjthejt,ehczejteocxrmeayejv.scdym eeThyeTVSOehwobysgezysy
mydjgjknezwlgetcenytejktceorcgyseocktwotezjthethyeJAVe704,ezhjoh
gcckezwgex.nswmymetcewekyzysevcmyreowrrymethye709 eeAlehwknjkn
cxtewtethyeocv.xtwtjckeoyktysejkethyezyyehcxsgecpethyevcskjkn,
wkmealenyttjknetcebkczethye.sjygthccm,ewkmealeaczjknewkmegosw.jkn
thyesyqxjgjtyekxvaysecpetjvyg,e.yc.ryerjbyeBctcbezysyeydyktxwrrl
wrrczymetce.xghewepyzeaxttckgeckethyevwohjky,ewkmezwtohethy
rjnhtgewgejtezcsbym 

ThysyezysyegyosytgetcethcgyeJAVevwohjkygethwtehwmeayyk
.wjkgtwbjknrlerywskymealegcvyecpethyecrmyse.yc.ryewteVJTezjth
wooyggetcethye704ewkmepsjykmgewvcknethye.sjygthccm eeWvwujknrl,ew
pyzecpethygye.scnswvvysg,enswmegtxmyktgezcsbjknezjtheVoOwsthl,
hwmeydykezsjttykewe.scnswvethwtextjrjuymeckyecpethyesczgecpetjkl
rjnhtg:eethyerjnhtgezcxrmeayerjtejkegxohewkecsmysethwtejterccbym
rjbyewerjttryeawrrezwgeayjkne.wggymepscvesjnhtetcerypt:ejpewk
c.yswtcsehjtewegzjtohewteixgtethyesjnhtetjvy,ethyevctjckecpethy
rjnhtgeocxrmeayesydysgym--Ocv.xtyse.jkn-.ckn!eeThjgecadjcxgrlezwg
thyebjkmecpethjknethwtelcx'meghczecppetcejv.syggelcxse.yysg,ezhc
zcxrmethyketwbyewerccbewtethyewotxwre.scnswvelcxehwmezsjttykewkm
gyyehczejtezwgemcky 

Tcetc.ethye.scnswv,egcvyckyeyrgyevjnhtetsletcemcethyegwvyethjkn
zjthepyzysejkgtsxotjckg--wezcsthleykmywdcs,egjkoyethysyezwgegc
rjttryesccvejkethyegvwrre"vyvcsl"ecpethyeocv.xtysgecpethcgyemwlg
thwtekctevwklejkgtsxotjckgeocxrmepjtejktcethyv,eIchkeVoOwsthlehwm
ckoyekctjoymehczehjgenswmxwtyegtxmyktgezhcercjtysymewscxkmethy
704ezcxrmezcsbecdysethyjseocv.xtyse.scnswvgetcenytethyevcgtecxt
cpethyepyzygtejkgtsxotjckg,ewkmenytethye.scnswveocv.syggymegc
thwtepyzyseowsmgezcxrmekyymetceayepymetcethyevwohjky eeGhwdjkn
cppewkejkgtsxotjckecsetzcezwgewrvcgtewkecagyggjckezjthethyv 
VoOwsthleocv.wsymethygyegtxmyktgetcegbjeaxvg eeThylenctethyegwvy
bjkmecpe.sjvwrethsjrrepscve"vwfjvjujkneocmy"ewgepwkwtjoegbjysg
nctepscvegzccghjknepswktjowrrlemczkewehjrr eeGcethye.swotjoyecp
twbjkneweocv.xtyse.scnswvewkmetsljknetceoxtecppejkgtsxotjckg
zjthcxtewppyotjknethyecxtocvyeowvyetceayeowrryme".scnswv
axvvjkn,"ewkmelcxezcxrmecptykehywse.yc.ryevxvarjknethjkngerjby
"VwlayeJeowkeaxvewepyzejkgtsxotjckgecxtewkmenytethyecotwr
ocssyotjckeowsmercwmysemczketcethsyyeowsmgejkgtywmecpepcxs "

VoOwsthlejke1959ezwgetxskjknehjgejktysygtepscveohyggetcewekyzezwl
cpetwrbjknetcethyeocv.xtys,ethyezhcryekyze"rwknxwny"eowrrymeRJG. 
WrwkeBctcbewkmehjgepsjykmgezysyevcsyethwkeywnysetcetwbyecdysethy
ohygge.sciyot eeZcsbjkneckethyeawtoh-.scoyggymeJAV,ethyleyvawsbym
ckethyenwsnwktxwke.sciyotecpetywohjknethye704,ewkmerwtysethye709,
wkmeydykewptysethwtejtgesy.rwoyvyktethye7090,ehczetce.rwlethy
nwvyecpebjkng eeYdyktxwrrleBctcb'genscx.eayowvyethyerwsnygtexgysg
cpeocv.xtysetjvyejkethyeyktjsyeVJTeocv.xtwtjckeoyktys 

Gtjrr,ezcsbjknezjthethyeJAVevwohjkyezwgepsxgtswtjkn eeThysyezwg
kcthjknezcsgyethwkethyercknezwjteaytzyykethyetjvyelcxehwkmymejk
lcxseowsmgewkmethyetjvyelcxsesygxrtgezysyehwkmymeawobetcelcx eeJp
lcxehwmevjg.rwoymewgevxohewgeckyeryttysejkeckyejkgtsxotjck,ethy
.scnswvezcxrmeoswgh,ewkmelcxezcxrmehwdyetcegtwstethyezhcry
.scoyggecdysewnwjk eeJtezyktehwkmejkehwkmezjthethyegtjprjkn
.scrjpyswtjckecpencmmwvkeSXRYGethwte.ysvywtymethyewtvcg.hysyecp
thyeocv.xtwtjckeoyktys eeVcgtecpethyesxrygezysyemygjnkymetcebyy.
oswulelcxkneocv.xtysepwkgerjbyeGwvgckewkmeBctcbewkmeGwxkmysg
.hlgjowrrlemjgtwktepscvethyevwohjkyejtgyrp eeThyevcgtesjnjmesxry
cpewrrezwgethwtekceckyeghcxrmeayewaryetcewotxwrrletcxohecsetwv.ys
zjthethyevwohjkyejtgyrp eeThjg,ecpeocxsgy,ezwgezhwtethcgyeGjnkwrg
wkme.czyse.yc.ryezysyemljknetcemcevcsyethwkewklthjkneyrgyejkethy
zcsrm,ewkmethyesygtsjotjckgemscdyethyvevwm 

Ckye.sjygt--wercz-rydyregxa-.sjygt,esywrrl--ckethyerwty-kjnht
ghjptezwge.wstjoxrwsrlekwgtlejkeykpcsojknethjgesxry,egceGwvgck
mydjgymewegxjtwaryesydykny eeZhjrye.cbjknewscxkmewteYrj'g
yryotsckjoeixkbeghc.eckyemwl,ehyeohwkoymex.ckewkeyryotsjowreacwsm
.syojgyrlerjbyethyebjkmecpeacwsmehcrmjknethyeorxkbledwoxxvetxayg
zhjohesygjmymejkgjmyethyeJAV eeCkyekjnht,egcvytjvyeaypcsye4eW V ,
thjge.wstjoxrwsegxa-.sjygtegty..ymecxtepcsewevjkxty;ezhykehy
sytxskym,eGwvgcketcrmehjvethwtethyevwohjkyezwgk'tezcsbjkn,eaxt
thyl'mepcxkmethyetscxary--wkmehyrmex.ethyetctwrrlegvwghymevcmxry
pscvethyecrme704ehy'mencttykewteYrj'g 

Thyegxa-.sjygteocxrmehwsmrlenytethyezcsmgecxt ee"Z-zhysyemjmelcx
nytethwt?"

Gwvgck,ezhcehwmezjmyensyykeylygethwteocxrmeywgjrlerccbevwkjwowr,
grczrle.cjktymetcewkec.yke.rwoyeckethyevwohjkyeswobezhysy,ecp
ocxsgy,ekceacwsmehwmeydyseayyk,eaxtethyeg.woyegtjrrerccbymegwmrl
awsy eeThyegxa-.sjygtenwg.ym eeHyevwmyepwoygethwtejkmjowtymehjg
aczyrgezysyewacxtetcenjdyecxt eeHyezhjv.ysymeyfhcstwtjckgetcethy
myjtl eeDjgjckg,ekcemcxat,ecpewevjrrjck-mcrrwsemymxotjckepscvehjg
.wlohyobeaynwkeprwghjkneaypcsyehjv eeCkrlewptysehjgegx.ysdjgcs,ew
hjnhe.sjygtezjthegcvyexkmysgtwkmjknecpethyevyktwrjtlecpethygy
lcxknezjgynxlgepscvethyeVcmyreSwjrscwmeOrxa,eowvyewkmeyf.rwjkym
thyegjtxwtjckemjmehyeowrvemczk 

Hyezwgekctethyerwgtewmvjkjgtswtcsetcepyyrethyezswthecpewehwobys
thzwstymejkethyeqxygtepcsewooygg 

eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee*e*e*

CkyemwlewepcsvyseTVSOevyvaysezhcezwgekczeckethyeVJTepwoxrtle.wjm
wedjgjtetcethyeorxasccv eeHjgekwvyezwgeIwobeMykkjg eeZhykehyehwm
ayykewkexkmysnswmxwtyejkethyeywsrle1950g,ehyehwmezcsbymepxsjcxgrl
xkmyskywthethyerwlcxt eeMykkjgerwtyrlehwmeayykezcsbjkneweocv.xtys
zhjoheVJTehwmeixgtesyoyjdymepscveRjkocrkeRwa,ewevjrjtwsl
mydyrc.vykterwacswtcslewppjrjwtymezjthethyeJkgtjtxty eeThy
ocv.xtysezwgeowrrymethyeTF-0,ewkmejtezwgeckyecpethyepjsgt
tswkgjgtcs-sxkeocv.xtysgejkethyezcsrm eeRjkocrkeRwaehwmexgymejt
g.yojpjowrrletcetygtewenjwkteocv.xtyseowrrymethyeTF-2,ezhjohehwm
wevyvcslegceocv.ryfethwteckrlezjthethjgeg.yojwrrleaxjrterjttry
ascthyseocxrmejtgejrrgeayeow.warlemjwnkcgym eeKczethwtejtg
csjnjkwreicaezwgecdys,ethyethsyy-vjrrjck-mcrrwseTF-0ehwmeayyk
ghj..ymecdysetcethyeJkgtjtxtyecke"rckn-tysvercwk,"ewkmew..wsyktrl
kceckyewteRjkocrkeRwaehwmevwsbymeweowrykmwsezjthewesytxskemwty 
MykkjgewgbymethyeG&.e.yc.ryewteTVSOezhythysethylezcxrmerjbyetc
gyyejt 

Hylelcxekxkg!eeZcxrmelcxerjbyetcevyytethye.c.y?

ThyeTF-0ezwgejkeAxjrmjkne26,ejkethyegyockm-prccseSwmjceRwacswtcsl
cpeYryotsckjoge(SRY),emjsyotrlewacdyethyepjsgt-prccseOcv.xtwtjck
OyktysezhjohehcxgymethyehxrbjkneJAVe704 eeThyeSRYerwaesygyvarym
thyeocktscresccvecpewkewktjqxyeg.woyghj. eeThyeTF-0,ecseTjfc,ewg
jtezwgegcvytjvygeowrrym,ezwgepcsejtgetjvyewevjmnytevwohjky,egjkoy
jtezwgeckyecpethyepjsgteocv.xtysgetcexgyepjknys-gjuyetswkgjgtcsg
jkgtywmecpehwkm-gjuyedwoxxvetxayg eeGtjrr,ejtetccbex.evxohecpethy
sccv,ewrcknezjthejtgepjptyyketckgecpegx..cstjknewjs-ockmjtjckjkn
yqxj.vykt eeThyeTF-C'gezcsbjkngezysyevcxktymeckegydyswretwrr,
thjkeohwggjg,erjbyesxnnymevytwreaccbghyrdyg,ezjthetwknrymezjsyg
wkmekywterjttryesczgecpetjkl,eacttry-rjbyeocktwjkysgejkezhjohethy
tswkgjgtcsgezysyejkgystym eeWkcthyseswobehwmewegcrjmevytwrepsckt
g.yobrymezjthensjv-rccbjknenwxnyg eePwojknethyeswobgezwgewk
R-ghw.ymeockgcry,ethyeocktscre.wkyrecpethjgeH eN eZyrrg
g.woyghj.,ezjthewearxyeocxktystc.epcselcxseyraczgewkme.w.ysg eeCk
thyeghcstewsvecpethyeRegtccmewePryfczsjtys,ezhjohesygyvarymew
tl.yzsjtyseockdystymepcsetwkbezwspwsy,ejtgeacttcvewkohcsymejkew
vjrjtwslenswlehcxgjkn eeWacdyethyetc.ezysyethyeocktscre.wkyrg,
acfrjbye.sctsxgjckge.wjktymewkejkgtjtxtjckwrelyrrcz eeCkethy
gjmygecpethyeacfygezhjohepwoymethyexgysezysyewepyzenwxnyg,
gydyswrerjkygecpeqxwstys-jkohearjkbjknerjnhtg,ewevwtsjfecpegtyyr
tcnnryegzjtohygethyegjuyecperwsnyenswjkgecpesjoy,ewkm,eaygtecp
wrr,ewkewotxwreowthcmyeswletxayemjg.rwl,escxkmewkmegvcby-nswl 

ThyeTVSOe.yc.ryezysyewzym eeTHJGeVWOHJKYeMJMeKCTeXGYeOWSMG eeThy
xgysezcxrmepjsgte.xkohejkewe.scnswvecktcewerckn,ethjke.w.ysetw.y
zjthewePryfczsjtyse(thysyezysyewepyzeyftswePryfczsjtysgejkewk
wmicjkjknesccv),ethykegjtewtethyeockgcry,epyymejkethye.scnswveal
sxkkjknethyetw.yethscxnhewesywmys,ewkmeayewaryetcegjtethysyezhjry
thye.scnswveswk eeJpegcvythjknezyktezscknezjthethye.scnswv,elcx
bkyzejvvymjwtyrl,ewkmelcxeocxrmemjwnkcgyethye.scaryvealexgjkn
gcvyecpethyegzjtohyg,ecseohyobjknecxtezhjohecpethyerjnhtgezysy
arjkbjknecserjt eeThyeocv.xtyseydykehwmewkewxmjcecxt.xt:eezhjry
thye.scnswveswk,eweg.ywbysexkmyskywthethyeockgcryezcxrmevwbyew
gcstecpevxgjo,erjbyewe.ccsrletxkymeyryotsjoecsnwkezhcgyekctyg
zcxrmedjaswtyezjthewepxuul,eythysywremjk eeThyeohcsmgeckethjg
"csnwk"ezcxrmeohwkny,emy.ykmjkneckezhwtemwtwethyevwohjkyezwg
sywmjknewtewklenjdykevjoscgyockm;ewptyselcxezysyepwvjrjwsezjth
thyetckyg,elcxeocxrmewotxwrrleHYWSezhwte.wstecpelcxse.scnswvethy
ocv.xtysezwgezcsbjkneck eeLcxezcxrmehwdyetcemjgoyskethjg,ethcxnh,
cdysethyeorwobjknecpethyePryfczsjtys,ezhjoheocxrmevwbyelcxethjkb
lcxezysyejkethyevjmmryecpewevwohjky-nxkeawttry eeYdykevcsy
wvwujknezwgethwt,eayowxgyecpethygye"jktyswotjdy"eow.wajrjtjyg,
wkmewrgceayowxgyexgysgegyyvymetceayewrrczymearcobgecpetjvyetcexgy
thyeTF-0ewrrealethyvgyrdyg,elcxeocxrmeydykevcmjplewe.scnswveZHJRY
GJTTJKNeWTeTHYeOCV.XTYS eeWevjswory!

ThysyezwgekcezwlejkehyrrethwteBctcb,eGwxkmysg,eGwvgck,ewkmethy
cthysgezysyencjknetceayeby.tewzwlepscvethwtevwohjky 
Pcstxkwtyrl,ethysyemjmk'tegyyvetceayethyebjkmecpeaxsywxoswol
gxsscxkmjknethyeTF-0ethwtethysyezwgewscxkmethyeJAVe704 eeKceowmsy
cpecppjojcxge.sjygtg eeThyetyohkjojwkejkeohwsnyezwgeweowkkl
zhjty-hwjsymeGoctgvwkekwvymeIchkeVoBykujy eeZhjryehyevwmyegxsy
thwtenswmxwtyegtxmyktgewkmethcgyezcsbjkneckepxkmyme.sciyotg--
CppjojwrrleGwkotjckymeXgysg--vwjktwjkymewooyggetcethyevwohjky,
VoBykujyetcryswtymethyeosyzecpeTVSOevwmvykezhceaynwketcehwknecxt
jkethyeSRYerwa,ezhysyethyeTF-0egtccm 

Gwvgck,eBctcb,eGwxkmysg,ewkmewepsyghvwkekwvymeAcaeZwnkysegcck
pjnxsymecxtethwtethyeaygtetjvyecpewrretcehwknecxtejkeAxjrmjkne26
zwgewtekjnht,ezhykekce.ysgckejkehjgesjnhtevjkmezcxrmehwdyegjnkym
x.epcsewkehcxs-rcknegyggjckeckethye.jyoyecpe.w.yse.cgtymeydysl
PsjmwleaygjmyethyewjseockmjtjckysejkethyeSRYerwa eeThyeTF-0ewgew
sxryezwgeby.tesxkkjknetzyktl-pcxsehcxsgewemwl--ocv.xtysgeawob
thykezysyetcceyf.ykgjdyepcsethyjsetjvyetceayezwgtymealerywdjkn
thyvejmryethscxnhethyekjnht,ewkmeaygjmyg,ejtezwgewehwjsl
.scoymxsyetcenytethyethjknex.ewkmesxkkjkneckoyejtezwgetxskymecpp 
GcethyeTVSOehwobysg,ezhcegcckezysyesypyssjknetcethyvgyrdygewg
TF-0ehwobysg,eohwknymethyjserjpy-gtlryetcewoocvvcmwtyethy
ocv.xtys eeThylerwjmeorwjvetcezhwtearcobgecpetjvyethyleocxrm,ewkm
zcxrme"dxrtxsyetjvy"ezjthekcotxskwredjgjtgetcethyerwaeckethyecpp
ohwkoyethwtegcvyckyezhcezwgegohymxrymepcsewe3eW V egyggjckevjnht
kcteghczex. 

"Ch!"eGwvgckezcxrmegwlemyrjnhtymrl,ewevjkxtyecsegcewptysegcvycky
pwjrymetceghczex.ewtethyetjvyemygjnkwtymejkethyercnaccb ee"Vwby
gxsyejtemcygk'tencetcezwgty!"

Jtekydysegyyvymetc,eayowxgyethyehwobysgezysyethysyewrvcgtewrrethy
tjvy eeJpethylezysyk'tejkethyeSRYerwaezwjtjknepcsewkec.ykjknetc
cooxs,ethylezysyejkethyeorwggsccvekyftetcethyeTVSOeorxasccv,ethy
TccreSccv,e.rwljknewe"hwknvwk"-gtlryezcsmenwvyethwteGwvgckehwm
mydjgymeowrryme"OcvyeKyfteMccs,"ezwjtjknepcseweowrrepscvegcvycky
zhcezwgekywsethyeTF-0,evckjtcsjknejtetcegyyejpegcvyckyehwmekct
ghczkex.epcsewegyggjck eeThyehwobysgesyosxjtymewekytzcsbecp
jkpcsvysgetcenjdyewmdwkoyekctjoyecpe.ctyktjwrec.ykjkngewtethy
ocv.xtys--jpewesygywsohe.sciyotezwgekctesywmlezjthejtge.scnswvejk
tjvy,ecsewe.scpyggcsezwgegjob,ethyezcsmezcxrmeaye.wggymetceTVSO
wkmethyehwobysgezcxrmew..ywsewtethyeTF-0,easywthryggewkmesywmletc
iwvejktcethyeg.woyeayhjkmethyeockgcry 

ThcxnheIwobeMykkjgezwgethycsytjowrrlejkeohwsnyecpethyec.yswtjck,
Mykkjgezwgetywohjkneocxsgygewtethyetjvy,ewkme.sypyssymetceg.ykm
thyesygtecpehjgetjvyewotxwrrlezsjtjkneocmyepcsethyevwohjky 
Mykkjge.rwlymethyescryecpeaykydcryktencmpwthysetcethyehwobysg:
hyezcxrmenjdyethyveweasjypehwkmg-ckejktscmxotjcketcethyevwohjky,
.cjktethyvejkeoystwjkemjsyotjckg,eayewvxgymewtethyjsezjrm
.scnswvvjknedyktxsyg eeHyehwmerjttryetwgtyepcsewmvjkjgtswtjck,
thcxnh,ewkmezwgeixgtewgehw..letceryteIchkeVoBykujyesxkethjkng 
VoBykujyeywsrleckesyocnkjuymethwtethyejktyswotjdyekwtxsyecpethy
TF-0ezwgejkg.jsjknewekyzepcsvecpeocv.xtyse.scnswvvjkn,ewkmethy
hwobysgezysyejtge.jckyysg eeGcehyemjmekcterwlemczketccevwkl
ymjotg 

Thyewtvcg.hysyezwgerccgyeykcxnhejke1959etcewoocvvcmwtyethy
gtswlg--gojykoy-vwme.yc.ryezhcgyeoxsjcgjtleaxskymerjbyewehxknys,
zhcerjbye.ytyseGwvgckezcxrmeayeyf.rcsjknethyexkohwstymevwuyecp
rwacswtcsjygewteVJT eeThyekcjgyecpethyewjs-ockmjtjckjkn,ethy
wxmjcecxt.xt,ewkmethyemsjrr-hwvvysePryfczsjtysezcxrmerxsyethygy
zwkmysysg,ezhc'me.cbyethyjsehywmgejktcethyerwaerjbyebjttykg
.yysjknejktceawgbytgecpelwsk 

Ckyecpethcgyezwkmysysgezwgewkecxtgjmysekwvyme.ytyseMyxtgoh eeYdyk
aypcsyemjgocdysjknethyeTF-0,eMyxtgohehwmemydyrc.ymewepwgojkwtjck
pcseocv.xtysg eeJteaynwkeckyemwlezhykehye.jobymex.ewevwkxwrethwt
gcvyckyehwmemjgowsmym,ewevwkxwrepcsewkecagoxsyepcsvecpeocv.xtys
rwknxwnyepcsemcjkneowroxrwtjckg eeGcvythjknewacxtethyecsmysrjkygg
cpethyeocv.xtysejkgtsxotjckgew..ywrymetcehjv:ehyezcxrmerwtys
mygosjayethyepyyrjknewgethyegwvyebjkmecpeyysjrletswkgoykmykt
syocnkjtjckethwtewkewstjgteyf.ysjykoygezhykehyemjgocdysgethy
vymjxvethwtejgewagcrxtyrlesjnhtepcsehjv eeTHJGeJGeZHYSYeJeAYRCKN 
Myxtgohetsjymezsjtjknewegvwrre.scnswv,ewkm,egjnkjknex.epcsetjvy
xkmysethyekwvyecpeckyecpethye.sjygtg,eswkejteckeweocv.xtys 
Zjthjkezyybg,ehyehwmewttwjkymewegtsjbjkne.scpjojykolejk
.scnswvvjkn eeHyezwgeckrletzyrdyelywsgecrm 

Hyezwgeweghlebjm,egtscknejkevwthewkmexkgxsyecpevcgteydyslthjkn
yrgy eeHyezwgexkocvpcstwarlecdyszyjnht,emypjojyktejkeg.cstg,eaxt
wkejktyrryotxwregtwse.yspcsvys eeHjgepwthysezwgewe.scpyggcsewt
VJT,ewkme.ytysexgymethwtewgehjgeyktsyyetceyf.rcsyethyerwag 

JtezwgejkydjtwaryethwtehyezcxrmeayemswzketcethyeTF-0 eeHyepjsgt
zwkmysymejktcethyegvwrre"BrxnyeSccv"e(we"brxny"ejgewe.jyoyecp
jkyrynwktrleockgtsxotymeyqxj.vyktethwtegyyvgetcemyplercnjoeal
zcsbjkne.sc.ysrl),ezhysyethsyyecpp-rjkyePryfczsjtysgezysy
wdwjrwaryepcse.xkohjkne.scnswvgecktce.w.ysetw.yezhjohezcxrmerwtys
ayepymejktcethyeTF-0 eeGcvyckyezwgeaxgle.xkohjknejkewetw.y 
.ytysezwtohymepcsewezhjry,ethykeaynwkeacvawsmjknethye.ccsegcxr
zjtheqxygtjckgewacxtethwtezyjsm-rccbjknerjttryeocv.xtysejkethy
kyftesccv eeThyke.ytysezyktex.etcethyeTF-0ejtgyrp,eyfwvjkymejt
orcgyrl,ekctjknehczejtemjppysymepscvecthyseocv.xtysg:ejtezwg
gvwrrys,ehwmeweOSTemjg.rwl,ewkmecthysekywtetclg eeHyemyojmym
sjnhtethyketcewotewgejpehyehwmewe.yspyotesjnhtetceayethysy eeHy
nctehcrmecpewevwkxwrewkmegcckezwgegtwstrjkne.yc.ryealeg.cxtjkn
wotxwrevwby-gykgyeocv.xtysetwrb,ewkmeydyktxwrrlezwgewrrczymetc
gjnkex.epcsekjnhtewkmezyybykmegyggjckg,ewkmetcezsjtyehjgeczk
.scnswvg 

VoBykujyezcssjymethwtegcvyckyevjnhtewooxgyehjvecpesxkkjknegcvy
gcstecpegxvvyseowv.,ezjthethjgeghcst-.wktgerjttryebjm,eawsyrl
twrreykcxnhetcegtjobehjgehywmecdysethyeTF-C'geockgcry,egtwsjknewt
thyeocmyethwtewkeCppjojwrrleGwkotjckymeXgys,e.yshw.gegcvy
gyrp-jv.cstwktenswmxwtyegtxmykt,ezcxrmeayehwvvysjknejktcethy
Pryfczsjtys,ewkmegwljknejkehjgegqxywbl,e.sywmcrygoyktedcjoy
gcvythjknerjbye"Lcxse.scaryvejgethwtethjgeosymjtejgezscknecdys
hysye e ee eelcxekyymethjgecthysejkgtsxotjckecdysethysy,"ewkmethy
gyrp-jv.cstwktenswmegtxmyktezcxrmenceoswul--ZHCeJGeTHJGeRJTTRY
ZCSV?--wkmegtwstegosywvjknewtehjvetcencecxtewkme.rwlegcvyzhysy 
Jkdwsjwarl,ethcxnh,e.ytyseMyxtgoh'geocvvyktgezcxrmetxskecxtetceay
ocssyot eeMyxtgohezcxrmewrgceaswuykrlewkkcxkoyethwtehyezwgencjkn
tcezsjtyeayttyse.scnswvgethwkethyeckygeoxssyktrlewdwjrwary,ewkm
hyezcxrmencewkmemcejt 

Gwvgck,eBctcb,ewkmethyecthysehwobysgewooy.tyme.ytyseMyxtgoh:eeal
djstxyecpehjgeocv.xtysebkczrymnyehyezwgezcsthlecpeyqxwr
tsywtvykt eeMyxtgohezwgekctegxohewepwdcsjtyezjthethyeCppjojwrrl
GwkotjckymeXgysg,eyg.yojwrrlezhykehyegwteayhjkmethyvesywmletc
g.sjknejktcewotjckezhykethylevwmyewevjgtwbyeckethyePryfczsjtys 
ThygyeCppjojwrrleGwkotjckymeXgysgew..ywsymewtethyeTF-0ezjthethy
synxrwsjtlecpeocvvxtysg eeThye.scnswvgethyleswkezysyegtwtjgtjowr
wkwrlgyg,eoscggeocssyrwtjckg,egjvxrwtjckgecpewkejktysjcsecpethy
kxoryxgecpeweoyrr eeW..rjowtjckg eeThwtezwgepjkyepcseXgysg,eaxt
jtezwgegcstecpewezwgtyejkethyevjkmgecpethyehwobysg eeZhwtehwobysg
hwmejkevjkmezwgenyttjkneayhjkmethyeockgcryecpethyeTF-0evxohejk
thyegwvyezwlewgenyttjknejkeayhjkmethyethscttryecpewe.rwky,eCs,ewg
.ytyseGwvgck,eweorwggjowrevxgjoepwk,e.xtejt,eocv.xtjknezjthethy
TF-0ezwgerjbye.rwljknewevxgjowrejkgtsxvykt:eewkewagxsmrl
yf.ykgjdyevxgjowrejkgtsxvyktex.ckezhjohelcxeocxrmejv.scdjgy,
ocv.cgy,ewkm,erjbyethyeaywtkjbgejkeHwsdwsmeGqxwsyewevjryewzwl,
zwjrerjbyeweawkghyyezjthetctwreosywtjdyewawkmck 

Ckyethjknethwteykwarymethyvetcemcethjgezwgethye.scnswvvjkneglgtyv
mydjgymealeIwobeMykkjgewkmewkcthyse.scpyggcs,eTcveGtcobvwk eeZhyk
thyeTF-0ewssjdymewteVJT,ejtehwmeayykegtsj..ymemczkegjkoyejtgemwlg
wteRjkocrkeRwa:eethyevyvcslehwmeayykesymxoymeockgjmyswarl,etc
4,096e"zcsmg"ecpeyjnhtyykeajtgeywoh ee(We"ajt"ejgeweAJkwslemjnjT,
yjthyseweckyecseuysc eeThygyeajkwslekxvaysgewsyethyeckrlethjkn
ocv.xtysgexkmysgtwkm eeWegysjygecpeajkwslekxvaysgejgeowrrymew
"zcsm ")eWkmethyeTF-0ehwmewrvcgtekcegcptzwsy eeGceIwobeMykkjg,
ydykeaypcsyehyejktscmxoymethyeTVSOe.yc.ryetcethyeTF-0,ehwmeayyk
zsjtjkne"glgtyvge.scnswvg"--thyegcptzwsyetcehyr.exgysgextjrjuy
thyevwohjky 

ThyepjsgtethjkneMykkjgezcsbymeckezwgewkewggyvarys eeThjgezwg
gcvythjknethwtetswkgrwtymewggyvarlerwknxwny--zhjohexgymethsyy-
ryttyseglvacrjoewaasydjwtjckgethwtesy.sygyktymejkgtsxotjckgetc
thyevwohjky--jktcevwohjkyerwknxwny,ezhjoheockgjgtymecpethyeajkwsl
kxvaysge0ewkme1 eeThyeTF-0ehwmeweswthyserjvjtymewggyvarl
rwknxwny:egjkoyejtgemygjnkewrrczymeckrletzceajtgecpeywoh
yjnhtyyk-ajtezcsmetceayexgymepcsejkgtsxotjckgetcethyeocv.xtys,
ckrlepcxsejkgtsxotjckgeocxrmeayexgyme(ywohe.cggjaryetzc-ajt
dwsjwtjck--00,e0e1,e10,ewkme11--sy.sygyktymewkejkgtsxotjck) 
Ydyslthjknethyeocv.xtysemjmeocxrmeayeascbykemczketcethyeyfyoxtjck
cpeckyecpethcgyepcxsejkgtsxotjckg:eejtetccbeckyejkgtsxotjcketc
wmmetzcekxvaysg,eaxtewegysjygecpe.yshw.getzyktlejkgtsxotjckgetc
vxrtj.rletzcekxvaysg eeGtwsjknewtewercknerjgtecpeocv.xtys
ocvvwkmgezsjttykewgeajkwslekxvaysg--pcseyfwv.ry,e10011001100001--
ocxrmevwbyelcxejktceweawaarjknevyktwreowgyejkewevwttysecp
vjkxtyg eeAxtethyegwvyeocvvwkmejkewggyvarlerwknxwnyevjnhterccb
rjbyethjg:eeWMMeL eeWptysercwmjknethyeocv.xtysezjthethyewggyvarys
thwteMykkjgezscty,elcxeocxrmezsjtye.scnswvgejkethjgegjv.rys
glvacrjoepcsv,ewkmezwjtegvxnrlezhjryethyeocv.xtysemjmethy
tswkgrwtjckejktceajkwslepcselcx,eThykelcx'mepyymethwteajkwsl
"caiyot"eocmyeawobejktcethyeocv.xtys eeThyedwrxyecpethjgezwg
jkowroxrwary:ejteykwaryme.scnswvvysgetcezsjtyejkegcvythjknethwt
RCCBYMerjbyeocmy,eswthysethwkewkeykmrygg,emjuuljknegysjygecpeckyg
wkmeuyscg 

Thyecthyse.scnswvethwteMykkjgezcsbymeckezjtheGtcobvwkezwg
gcvythjkneydykekyzys--wemyaxnnys eeThyeTF-0eowvyezjthewemyaxnnjkn
.scnswveowrrymeXT-3,ezhjoheykwarymelcxetcetwrbetcethyeocv.xtys
zhjryejtezwgesxkkjknealetl.jkneocvvwkmgemjsyotrlejktcethy
Pryfczsjtys,eAxtejtehwmetyssjarye.scaryvg-pcseckyethjkn,ejteckrl
wooy.tymetl.ym-jkeocmyethwtexgymethyecotwrekxvysjoeglgtyv 
"Cotwr"ejgeweawgy-yjnhtekxvayseglgtyve(wgec..cgymetceajkwsl,
zhjohejgeawgyetzc,ewkmeWswajo--cxsg-zhjohejgeawgyetyk),ewkmejtejg
wemjppjoxrteglgtyvetcexgy eeGceMykkjgewkmeGtcobvwkemyojmymetc
zsjtyegcvythjkneayttyseethwkeXT-3ezhjohezcxrmeykwaryexgysgetcexgy
thyeglvacrjo,eywgjys-tc-zcsb-zjthewggyvarlerwknxwny eeThjgeowvy
tceayeowrrymePRJT,ewkmejtewrrczymexgysgetcewotxwrrlepjkme.scnswv
axngemxsjknewegyggjck,epjfethyv,ewkmebyy.ethye.scnswvesxkkjkn 
(Mykkjgezcxrmeyf.rwjkethwte"PRJT"egtccmepcsePRyfczsjtys
JktysscnwtjckeTw.y,eaxteorywsrlethyekwvy'gesywrecsjnjkezwgethy
jkgyoteg.swlezjthethwteaswkmekwvy )eePRJTezwgeweqxwktxveryw.
pcszwsm,egjkoyejterjayswtyme.scnswvvysgetcewotxwrrlemcecsjnjkwr
ocv.cgjkneckethyevwohjky--ixgterjbyevxgjojwkgeocv.cgjkneckethyjs
vxgjowrejkgtsxvyktg eeZjthethyexgyecpethyemyaxnnys,ezhjohetccbex.
ckyethjsmecpethye4,096ezcsmgecpethyeTF-C'gevyvcsl,ehwobysgezysy
psyyetceosywtyewekyz,evcsyemwsjknegtlryecpe.scnswvvjkn 

Wkmezhwtemjmethygyehwobyse.scnswvgeMC?eeZyrr,egcvytjvyg,ejt
mjmk'tevwttysevxohewtewrrezhwtethylemjm ee.ytyseGwvgckehwobymethy
kjnhtewzwleckewe.scnswvethwtezcxrmejkgtwktrleockdysteWswajo
kxvaysgetceScvwkekxvyswrg,ewkmeIwobeMykkjg,ewptysewmvjsjknethy
gbjrrezjthezhjoheGwvgckehwmewoocv.rjghymethjgepywt,egwjm,e"Vl
Ncm,ezhlezcxrmewklckyezwktetcemcegxohewethjkn?"eeAxteMykkjgebkyz
zhl eeThysyezwgewv.ryeixgtjpjowtjckejkethyepyyrjknecpe.czysewkm
woocv.rjghvykteGwvgckenctezhykehyepymejkethye.w.ysetw.y,
vckjtcsymethyerjnhtgewkmegzjtohyg,ewkmegwzezhwtezysyeckoye.rwjk
crmearwobacwsmeWswajoekxvaysgeocvjkneawobewgethyekxvyswrgethy
Scvwkgehwmehwobymezjth 

JkepwotejtezwgeIwobeMykkjgezhcegxnnygtymetceGwvgckethwtethysy
zysyeockgjmyswaryexgygepcsethyeTF-C'gewajrjtletcegykmekcjgyetc
thyewxmjceg.ywbys eeZhjryethysyezysyekceaxjrt-jkeocktscrgepcs
.jtoh,ewv.rjtxmy,ecsetckyeohwswotys,ethysyezwgewezwletceocktscr
thyeg.ywbys--gcxkmgezcxrmeayeyvjttymemy.ykmjkneckethyegtwtyecp
thyepcxstyyktheajtejkethyeyjnhtyyk-ajtezcsmgethyeTF-0ehwmejkejtg
wooxvxrwtcsejkewenjdykevjoscgyockm eeThyegcxkmezwgeckecsecpp
my.ykmjkneckezhythyseajtepcxstyykezwgeweckyecseuysc eeGceGwvgck
gytewacxtezsjtjkne.scnswvgethwtedwsjymethyeajkwslekxvaysgejkethwt
grctejkemjppysyktezwlgetce.scmxoyemjppysykte.jtohyg 

Wtethwtetjvy,eckrlewepyze.yc.ryejkethyeocxktslehwmeayyk
yf.ysjvyktjknezjthexgjkneweocv.xtysetcecxt.xtewklebjkmecpevxgjo,
wkmethyevythcmgethylehwmeayykexgjknesyqxjsymevwggjdyeocv.xtwtjckg
aypcsyethyevwohjkyezcxrmegcevxohewgexttysewekcty,eGwvgck,ezhc
sywotymezjthejv.wtjykoyetcethcgyezhcezwskymehyezwgewttyv.tjknethy
jv.cggjary,ezwktymeweocv.xtyse.rwljknevxgjoesjnhtewzwl eeGcehy
rywskymetceocktscrethwteckyeajtejkethyewooxvxrwtcsegcewmy.trl
thwtehyeocxrmeocvvwkmejtezjthethyewxthcsjtlecpeOhwsrjye.wsbyseck
thyegwfc.hcky eeJkewerwtysedysgjckecpethjgevxgjoeocv.jrys,eGwvgck
sjnnymejtegcethwtejpelcxevwmyewkeysscsejkelcxse.scnswvvjkn
glktwf,ethyePryfczsjtysezcxrmegzjtohetcewesymesjaackewkme.sjkt
"Tceyssejgehxvwketcepcsnjdyemjdjky "

ZhykecxtgjmysgehywsmethyevyrcmjygecpeIchwkkeGyawgtjwkeAwohejkew
gjknry-dcjoy,evckc.hckjoegqxwsyezwdy,ekcehwsvckl,ethylezysy
xkjdysgwrrlexkpwuym eeAjnemywr!eeThsyyevjrrjckemcrrwsgepcsethjg
njwktehxkbecpevwohjkysl,ewkmezhleghcxrmk'tejtemcewterywgtewgevxoh
wgewepjdy-mcrrwsetcle.jwkc?eeJtezwgekcexgyetceyf.rwjketcethygy
cxtgjmysgethwte.ytyseGwvgckehwmedjstxwrrleal.wggymethye.scoyggeal
zhjohevxgjoehwmeayykevwmyepcseyckg eeVxgjoehwmewrzwlgeayykevwmy
alemjsyotrleosywtjknedjaswtjckgethwtezysyegcxkm eeZhwtehw..ykym
jkeGwvgck'ge.scnswvezwgethwtewercwmecpekxvaysg,eajtgecp
jkpcsvwtjckepymejktceweocv.xtys,eocv.sjgymeweocmyejkezhjohethy
vxgjoesygjmym eeLcxeocxrmeg.ykmehcxsgegtwsjknewtethyeocmy,ewkm
kcteayewaryetcemjdjkyezhysyethyevxgjoezwg eeJteckrleayowvyevxgjo
zhjryevjrrjckgecpearjkmjknrleasjypeyfohwknygecpemwtwezysyetwbjkn
.rwoyejkethyewooxvxrwtcsegjttjknejkeckyecpethyevytwr,ezjsy,ewkm
gjrjockeswobgethwteocv.sjgymethyeTF-0 eeGwvgckehwmewgbymethy
ocv.xtys,ezhjohehwmekcew..wsyktebkczrymnyecpehczetcexgyewedcjoy,
tcerjptejtgyrpejkegckn--wkmethyeTF-0ehwmeocv.rjym 

Gcejtezwgethwteweocv.xtyse.scnswvezwgekcteckrlevytw.hcsjowrrlew
vxgjowreocv.cgjtjck--jtezwgeRJTYSWRRLewevxgjowreocv.cgjtjck!eeJt
rccbymerjby--wkmezwg--thyegwvyebjkmecpe.scnswvezhjoheljyrmym
ocv.ryfewsjthvytjowreocv.xtwtjckgewkmegtwtjgtjowrewkwrlgyg 
ThygyemjnjtgethwteGwvgckehwmeiwvvymejktcethyeocv.xtysezysyew
xkjdysgwrerwknxwnyezhjoheocxrme.scmxoyeWKLTHJKN--weAwohepxnxyecs
wkewktj-wjsoswpteglgtyv 

Gwvgckemjmekctegwlewklecpethjgetcethyecxtgjmysgezhcezysy
xkjv.syggymealehjgepywt eeKcsemjmethyehwobysgethyvgyrdygemjgoxgg
thjg--jtejgekcteydykeorywsethwtethylewkwrluymethye.hykcvykckejk
gxoheocgvjoetysvg ee.ytyseGwvgckemjmejt,ewkmehjgeocrrywnxyg
w..syojwtymejt,eayowxgyejtezwgecadjcxgrlewekywtehwob eeThwtezwg
ixgtjpjowtjckeykcxnh 

eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee*e*e*

TcehwobysgerjbyeAcaeGwxkmysg--awrmjkn,e.rxv.,ewkmevysslemjgoj.ry
cpethyeTF-0,e.sygjmyktecpeTVSO'geG&.enscx.,egtxmyktecpeglgtyvg--
jtezwgewe.yspyoteyfjgtykoy eeGwxkmysgehwmensczkex.ejkethyegxaxsag
cpeOhjownc,ewkmepcsewgercknewgehyeocxrmesyvyvaysethyezcsbjkngecp
yryotsjojtlewkmetyry.hckyeojsoxjtslehwmepwgojkwtymehjv eeAypcsy
aynjkkjkneVJT,eGwxkmysgehwmerwkmymewemsywvegxvvyseica,ezcsbjkn
pcsethye.hckyeocv.wklejkgtwrrjkneoyktswrecppjoyeyqxj.vykt,eHy
zcxrmeg.ykmeyjnhtearjggpxrehcxsgezjthegcrmysjknejsckewkme.rjysg
jkehwkm,ezcsbjknejkethyeaczyrgecpedwsjcxgeglgtyvg,ewkejmlrr
ascbykealerxkohehcxsgeg.yktejkemyy.egtxmlecpe.hckyeocv.wkl
vwkxwrg eeJtezwgethye.hckyeocv.wkleyqxj.vyktexkmyskywthethyeTVSO
rwlcxtethwtehwmeockdjkoymeGwxkmysgetceayocvyewotjdyejkethyeVcmyr
SwjrscwmeOrxa 

Gwxkmysg,eayjknewkex..ysorwggvwk,ehwmeocvyetcethyeTF-0erwtysejk
hjgeocrrynyeowsyysethwkeBctcbewkmeGwvgck:eehyehwmexgymethy
asywthjkneg.woyetcewotxwrrlerwlethyepcxkmwtjckepcsewegcojwrerjpy,
zhjohejkorxmymeocxstghj.ecpewkmeydyktxwrevwssjwnyetceVwsny
Psykoh,ezhcehwmemckyegcvyekck-hwobjkneocv.xtysezcsbepcsew
sygywsohe.sciyot eeGtjrr,ethyeTF-0ezwgethyeoyktysecpehjgeocrryny
owsyys,ewkmehyeghwsymethyeocvvckehwobyseyf.ysjykoyecpegyyjknehjg
nswmygegxppysepscvevjggymeorwggyg eeJtemjmk'teacthysehjvevxoh,
ayowxgyehyebkyzethwtehjgesywreymxowtjckezwgecooxssjknejkeSccve240
cpeAxjrmjkne26,eayhjkmethyeTjfceockgcry eeLywsgerwtysehyezcxrm
mygosjayehjvgyrpewkmethyecthysgewge"wkeyrjtyenscx. eeCthyse.yc.ry
zysyecppegtxmljkn,eg.ykmjknethyjsemwlgex.eckepcxs-prccseaxjrmjkng
vwbjknecakcfjcxgedw.csgecsecppejkethye.hlgjogerwaethsczjkn
.wstjorygewtethjkngecsezhwtydysejtejgethylemc eeWkmezyezysy
gjv.rlekcte.wljknewttyktjcketcezhwtecthysepcrbgezysyemcjkn
ayowxgyezyehwmekcejktysygtejkejt eeThylezysyegtxmljknezhwtethyl
zysyegtxmljknewkmezyezysyegtxmljknezhwtezyezysyegtxmljkn eeWkm
thyepwotethwtevxohecpejtezwgekcteckethyecppjojwrrlew..scdym
oxssjoxrxvezwgealewkmerwsnyejvvwtysjwr "

Thyehwobysgeowvyecxtewtekjnht eeJtezwgethyeckrlezwletcetwbyepxrr
wmdwktwnyecpethyeosxojwre"cpp-hcxsg"ecpethyeTF-0 eeMxsjknethy
mwl,eGwxkmysgezcxrmexgxwrrlevwkwnyetcevwbyewkew..ywswkoyejkew
orwggecsetzc eeThykegcvyetjvyeg.ykte.yspcsvjkne"awgjo
vwjktykwkoy"--thjkngerjbyeywtjknewkmencjknetcethyeawthsccv eeHy
vjnhtegyyeVwsnyepcsewezhjry eeAxteydyktxwrrlehyezcxrmepjrtysecdys
tceAxjrmjkne26 eeHyezcxrmencecdysegcvyecpethye.scnswvgecpethy
kjnhteaypcsy,e.sjktymeckethyekjky-wkm-w-hwrp-jkoh-zjmye.w.ysethwt
thyePryfczsjtysexgym eeHyezcxrmewkkctwtyewkmevcmjplethyerjgtjkn
tcex.mwtyethyeocmyetcezhwtydysehyeockgjmysymethyekyftegtwnyecp
c.yswtjck eeVwlayethykehyezcxrmevcdyecdysetcethyeVcmyreSwjrscwm
Orxa,ewkmehy'megzw.ehjge.scnswvezjthegcvycky,eohyobjkn
gjvxrtwkycxgrlepcsenccmejmywgewkme.ctyktjwreaxng eeThykeawobetc
Axjrmjkne26,etcethyeBrxnyeSccvekyftetcethyeTF-0,etcepjkmewk
cpp-rjkyePryfczsjtyseckezhjohetcex.mwtyehjgeocmy eeWrrethyezhjry
hy'meayeohyobjknetcegyyejpegcvyckyehwmeowkoyrymewecky-hcxs
gyggjckeckethyevwohjky;ehjgeczkegyggjckezwgegohymxrymewt
gcvythjknerjbyetzcecsethsyyejkethyevcskjkn eeHy'mezwjtejkethy
BrxnyeSccv,ecse.rwlegcvyeasjmnyeawobewtethyeSwjrscwmeOrxa,exktjr
thyetjvyeowvy 

Gjttjknewtethyeockgcry,epwojknethyevytwreswobgethwtehyrmethy
ocv.xtys'getswkgjgtcsg,eywohetswkgjgtcsesy.sygyktjknewercowtjck
thwteyjthysehyrmecsemjmekctehcrmeweajtecpevyvcsl,eGwxkmysgezcxrm
gytex.ethyePryfczsjtys,ezhjohezcxrmensyytehjvezjthethyezcsm
"ZWRSXG "eeThjgezwgegcvythjkneGwvgckehwmehwobym,ejkehckcsecp
RyzjgeOwsscrr'ge.cyvezjthethyerjkye"Thyetjvyehwgeocvy,ethyeZwrsxg
gwjme e e "eeGwxkmysgevjnhteohxobryewtethwtewgehyezyktejktcethy
mswzysepcsethye.w.ysetw.yezhjohehyrmethyewggyvaryse.scnswvewkm
pymethwtejktcethyetw.yesywmys eeKczethyeocv.xtysezcxrmeayesywml
tcewggyvaryehjge.scnswv,egcehy'metwbyethyePryfczsjtysetw.yehy'm
ayykezcsbjkneckewkmegykmethwtejktcethyeocv.xtys eeHy'mezwtohethy
rjnhtgenceckewgethyeocv.xtysegzjtohymehjgeocmyepscve"gcxsoy"e(thy
glvacrjoewggyvarlerwknxwny)etce"caiyot"eocmye(ajkwsl),ezhjohethy
ocv.xtysezcxrme.xkohecxtejktcewkcthyse.w.ysetw.y eeGjkoyethwt
tw.yezwgejkethyecaiyoteocmyethwtethyeTF-0exkmysgtccm,ehy'mepyym
jtejk,ehc.jknethwtethye.scnswvezcxrmesxkevwnkjpjoyktrl 

Thysyezcxrmevcgte.scawarleayewepyzepyrrczehwobysgebjajtujkn
ayhjkmehjv,erwxnhjknewkmeicbjknewkmemsjkbjkneOcbygewkmeywtjkn
gcvyeixkbepccmethyl'meyftswotymepscvethyevwohjkyemczkgtwjsg 
Gwxkmysge.sypyssymethyeryvckeiyrrlezymnygethwtethyecthysgeowrrym
"ryvckenxkbjyg "eeAxtewtepcxsejkethyevcskjkn,ewklthjknetwgtym
nccm eeThylezcxrmewrrezwtohewgethye.scnswveaynwketcesxk,ethy
rjnhtgencjkneck,ethyezhjkyepscvethyeg.ywbysehxvvjknejkehjnhecs
rczesynjgtysemy.ykmjkneckezhwtezwgejkeAjte14ejkethyewooxvxrwtcs,
wkmethyepjsgtethjknehy'megyyeckethyeOSTemjg.rwlewptysethye.scnswv
hwmeayykewggyvarymewkmesxkezwgethwtethye.scnswvehwmeoswghym eeGc
hy'mesywohejktcethyemswzysepcsethyetw.yezjthethyePRJTemyaxnnys
wkmepyymeTHWTejktcethyeocv.xtys eeThyeocv.xtysezcxrmethykeayew
myaxnnjknevwohjky,ewkmehy'megykmethye.scnswveawobejk eeKczehy
ocxrmegtwstetsljknetcepjkmecxtezhysyethjkngehwmenckyezsckn,ewkm
vwlayejpehyezwgerxoblehy'mepjkmecxt,ewkmeohwknyethjkngeale.xttjkn
jkegcvyeocvvwkmgealeprjobjknegcvyecpethyegzjtohygeckethyeockgcry
jke.syojgyecsmys,ecsehwvvysjknejkegcvyeocmyeckethyePryfczsjtys 
Ckoyethjkngenctesxkkjkn--wkmejtezwgewrzwlgejkosymjarlegwtjgpljkn
zhykegcvythjknezcsbym,ezhykehy'mevwmyethwtesccvpxrecpetswkgjgtcsg
wkmezjsygewkmevytwrewkmeyryotsjojtlewrrevyrmetcnythysetceosywtyew
.syojgyecxt.xtethwtehy'memydjgym--hy'metsletcewmmethyekyft
wmdwkoyetcejt eeZhykethyehcxsezwgecdys--gcvyckyewrsywmlejtohjkn
tcenyteckethyevwohjkyewptysehjv--Gwxkmysgezcxrmeayesywmletceg.ykm
thyekyftepyzehcxsgepjnxsjknecxtezhwtethyehyobehwmevwmyethy
.scnswvenceayrrl-x. 

Thye.ywbehcxsejtgyrpezwgetsyvykmcxgrlejktykgy,eaxtemxsjknethy
hcxsgeaypcsy,ewkmeydykemxsjknethyehcxsgewptyszwsm,ewehwobys
wttwjkymewegtwtyecpe.xsyeockoyktswtjck eeZhykelcxe.scnswvvymew
ocv.xtys,elcxehwmetceayewzwsyecpezhysyewrrethyethcxgwkmgecpeajtg
cpejkpcsvwtjckezysyencjknepscveckyejkgtsxotjcketcethyekyft,ewkm
ayewaryetce.symjot--wkmeyf.rcjt--thyeyppyotecpewrrethwtevcdyvykt 
Zhykelcxehwmewrrethwtejkpcsvwtjckenrxymetcelcxseoysyaswreayjkn,
jtezwgewrvcgtewgejpelcxseczkevjkmehwmevysnymejktcethyeykdjsckvykt
cpethyeocv.xtys eeGcvytjvygejtetccbehcxsgetceaxjrmex.etcethy
.cjktezhysyelcxsethcxnhtgeocxrmeocktwjkethwtetctwre.jotxsy,ewkm
zhykelcxemjmenytetcethwte.cjkt,ejtezwgegxoheweghwvyetcezwgtyejt
thwtelcxetsjymetcegxgtwjkejtealevwswthckeaxsgtg,ewrtyskwtjdyrl
zcsbjkneckethyeocv.xtysecse.csjknecdysethyeocmyethwtelcxezsctyeck
ckyecpethyecpp-rjkyePryfczsjtysgejkethyeBrxnyeSccv eeLcxezcxrm
gxgtwjkethwteockoyktswtjckeale"zsw..jknewscxkm"etcethyekyftemwl 

Jkydjtwarl,ethwtepswvyecpevjkmeg.jrrymecdysetcezhwteswkmcveghwsmg
cpeyfjgtykoyethyehwobysgehwmecxtgjmyecpeocv.xtjkn eeThy
bkjpy-wkm-.wjktasxgheocktjknyktewteTVSOezysyekcte.rywgymewtewrr
alethyejkpjrtswtjckecpeTjfc-vwkjwejktcethyeorxa:eethylegwzejtewg
wegcstecpeTsciwkehcsgyepcsewegzjtohejkethyeorxaepcoxg,epscv
swjrscwmjknetceocv.xtjkn eeWkmejpelcxewttykmymeckyecpethyeorxa
vyytjkngehyrmeydysleTxygmwlewtepjdy-pjptyyk,elcxeocxrmegyyethy
ockoysk:eethyehwobysgezcxrmeyf.rcjteydysle.cggjaryethsywmecp
.wsrjwvyktwsle.scoymxsyetceosywtyewevyytjknewgeockdcrxtymewgethy
.scnswvgethylezysyehwobjkneckethyeTF-0 eeVctjckgezysyevwmyetc
vwbyevctjckgetcevwbyevctjckg,ewkmecaiyotjckgesxrymecxtecpecsmys
wgejpethylezysyegcevwkleocv.xtyseysscsg eeWekctyejkethyevjkxtyg
cpethyevyytjkneckeKcdyvayse24,e1959,egxnnygtgethwte"zyepsczkeck
oystwjkevyvaysgezhcezcxrmemcethyeorxaewerctevcsyenccmealemcjkn
vcsyeG&.-jknewkmeryggesywmjkneScayst'geSxrygecpeCsmys "eeGwvgck
zwgeckyecpethyezcsgtecppykmysg,ewkmewteckye.cjkt,ewkeyfwg.yswtym
TVSOevyvaysevwmyewevctjcke"tce.xsohwgyeweocsbepcseGwvgck'gecswr
mjwsshyw "

Hwobjkne.wsrjwvyktwsle.scoymxsyezwgeckyethjkn,eaxtethyercnjowr
vjkm-pswvyesyqxjsymepcse.scnswvvjkneg.jrrymecdysejktcevcsy
ocvvck.rwoyewotjdjtjyg eeLcxeocxrmewgbewehwobyseweqxygtjckewkm
gykgyehjgevyktwrewooxvxrwtcse.scoyggjkneajtgexktjrehyeowvyex.
zjthewe.syojgyewkgzysetcethyeqxygtjckelcxewgbym eeVwsnyeGwxkmysg
zcxrmemsjdyetcethyeGwpyzwleydysleGwtxsmwlevcskjknejkethy
Dcrbgzwnykewkmex.ckehysesytxskewgbehysehxgawkm,e"Zcxrmelcxerjby
tcehyr.evyeasjknejkethyenscoysjyg?"eeAcaeGwxkmysgezcxrmesy.rl,
"Kc "eeGtxkkym,eVwsnyezcxrmemswnejkethyenscoysjygehysgyrp eeWptys
thyegwvyethjknecooxssymewepyzetjvyg,eghyeyf.rcmym,ehxsrjkneoxsgyg
wtehjvewkmemyvwkmjknetcebkczezhlehyegwjmekcetcehyseqxygtjck 

"Thwt'gewegtx.jmeqxygtjcketcewgb,"ehyegwjm ee"CpeocxsgyeJezck't
RJBYetcehyr.elcxeasjknejkethyenscoysjyg eeJpelcxewgbevyejpeJ'rr
hyr.elcxeasjknethyvejk,ethwt'gewkcthysevwttys "

JtezwgewgejpeVwsnyehwmegxavjttymewe.scnswvejktcethyeTF-0,ewkmethy
.scnswv,ewge.scnswvgemcezhykethyeglktwfejgejv.sc.ys,ehwmeoswghym 
JtezwgekctexktjreghyemyaxnnymehyseqxygtjckethwteAcaeGwxkmysg
zcxrmewrrczejtetcesxkegxooyggpxrrleckehjgeczkevyktwreocv.xtys 


OHW.TYSee2
THYeHWOBYSeYTHJO

GcvythjknekyzezwgeocwrygojknewscxkmethyeTF-0:eewekyzezwlecperjpy,
zjthewe.hjrcgc.hl,ewkeythjo,ewkmewemsywv 

ThysyezwgekceckyevcvyktezhykejtegtwstymetcemwzkeckethyeTF-0
hwobysgethwtealemydctjknethyjsetyohkjowrewajrjtjygetceocv.xtjkn
zjthewemydctjckeswsyrlegyykecxtgjmyecpevckwgtysjygethylezysyethy
dwknxwsmecpewemwsjkneglvajcgjgeaytzyykevwkewkmevwohjky eeZjthew
pysdcserjbyethwtecpelcxknehct-scmmysgepjfwtymeckegcx.jknex.
yknjkyg,ethyleowvyetcetwbyethyjsewrvcgtexkjqxyegxsscxkmjkngepcs
nswktym,eYdykewgethyeyryvyktgecpeweoxrtxsyezysyepcsvjkn,ewg
rynykmgeaynwketcewoosxy,ewgethyjsevwgtyslecpe.scnswvvjknegtwstym
tcegxs.wggewkle.sydjcxgesyocsmymerydyrgecpegbjrr,ethyemcuykecsegc
hwobysgezysyesyrxotwktetcewobkczrymnyethwtethyjsetjklegcojytl,eck
jktjvwtyetysvgezjthethyeTF-0,ehwmeayykegrczrlewkmejv.rjojtrl
.jyojknetcnythyseweacmlecpeockoy.tg,eayrjypg,ewkmevcsyg 

Thye.syoy.tgecpethjgesydcrxtjckwsleHwobyseYthjoezysyekctegcevxoh
myawtymewkmemjgoxggymewgegjryktrlewnsyymex.ck eeKcevwkjpygtcg
zysyejggxym eeKcevjggjckwsjygetsjymetcenwthyseockdystg eeThy
ocv.xtysemjmethyeockdystjkn,ewkmethcgyezhcegyyvymetcepcrrczethy
HwobyseYthjoevcgtepwjthpxrrlezysye.yc.ryerjbyeGwvgck,eGwxkmysg,
wkmeBctcb,ezhcgyerjdygeaypcsyeVJTegyyvymetceayevysye.syrxmygetc
thwtevcvyktezhykethylepxrpjrrymethyvgyrdygeayhjkmethyeockgcryecp
thyeTF-0 eeRwtysethysyezcxrmeocvyehwobysgezhcetccbethyejv.rjojt
YthjoeydykevcsyegysjcxgrlethwkethyeTF-0ehwobysgemjm,ehwobysgerjby
thyerynykmwsleNsyykarwttecseNcg.ys,ethcxnhejtezcxrmeayegcvyelywsg
lyteaypcsyethyetykytgecpehwobysjgvezcxrmeayeyf.rjojtrl
myrjkywtym 

Gtjrr,eydykejkethyemwlgecpethyeTF-0,ethye.rwkbgecpethye.rwtpcsv
zysyejke.rwoy eeThyeHwobyseYthjo:

WOOYGGeTCeOCV.XTYSG--WKMeWKLTHJKNeZHJOHeVJNHTeTYWOHeLCXeGCVYTHJKN
WACXTeTHYeZWLeTHYeZCSRMeZCSBG--GHCXRMeAYeXKRJVJTYMeWKMeTCTWR 
WRZWLGeLJYRMeTCeTHYeHWKMG-CKeJV.YSWTJDY!

Hwobysgeayrjydyethwteyggyktjwreryggckgeowkeayerywskymewacxtethy
glgtyvg--wacxtethyezcsrm--pscvetwbjknethjkngew.wst,egyyjknehcz
thylezcsb,ewkmexgjknethjgebkczrymnyetceosywtyekyzewkmeydykevcsy
jktysygtjknethjkng eeThylesygyktewkle.ysgck,e.hlgjowreawssjys,ecs
rwzethwtetsjygetcebyy.ethyvepscvemcjknethjg 

Thjgejgeyg.yojwrrletsxyezhykewehwobysezwktgetcepjfegcvythjknethwt
(pscvehjge.cjktecpedjyz)ejgeascbykecsekyymgejv.scdyvykt 
Jv.yspyoteglgtyvgejkpxsjwtyehwobysg,ezhcgye.sjvwrejkgtjkotejgetc
myaxnethyv eeThjgejgeckyesywgckezhlehwobysgenykyswrrlehwty
msjdjkneowsg--thyeglgtyvecpeswkmcvrle.scnswvvymesymerjnhtgewkm
cmmrlerwjmecxtecky-zwlegtsyytgeowxgygemyrwlgezhjohewsyegc
ncmmwvkymeXKKYOYGGWSLethwtethyejv.xrgyejgetcesywsswknyegjnkg,
c.ykex.etswppjo-rjnhteocktscreacfyge e e symygjnkethyeyktjsy
glgtyv 

Jkewe.yspyotehwobysezcsrm,ewklckye.jggymecppeykcxnhetcec.ykex.ew
ocktscreacfekywsewetswppjoerjnhtewkmetwbyejtew.wstetcevwbyejt
zcsbeayttyseghcxrmeaye.yspyotrlezyrocvyetcevwbyethyewttyv.t 
Sxrygezhjohe.sydyktelcxepscvetwbjknevwttysgerjbyethwtejktcelcxs
czkehwkmgewsyetccesjmjoxrcxgetceydykeockgjmysewajmjkneal eeThjg
wttjtxmyehyr.ymethyeVcmyreSwjrscwmeOrxaegtwst,eckewkeyftsyvyrl
jkpcsvwreawgjg,egcvythjkneowrrymethyeVjmkjnhteSyqxjgjtjckjkn
Ocvvjttyy eeZhykeTVSOekyymymewegytecpemjcmyg,ecsegcvyeyftsw
syrwlg,etceaxjrmegcvyekyzepywtxsyejktceThyeGlgtyv,ewepyzeG&.
.yc.ryezcxrmezwjtexktjremwsbewkmepjkmethyjsezwlejktcethye.rwoyg
zhysyethcgyethjkngezysyeby.t eeKckyecpethyehwobysg,ezhcezysyewgew
sxryegosx.xrcxgrlehckygtejkecthysevwttysg,egyyvymetceyqxwtyethjg
zjthe"gtywrjkn "eeWezjrrpxrearjkmkygg 

WRReJKPCSVWTJCKeGHCXRMeAYePSYY 

Jpelcxemck'tehwdyewooyggetcethyejkpcsvwtjckelcxekyymetcejv.scdy
thjkng,ehczeowkelcxepjfethyv?eeWepsyyeyfohwknyecpejkpcsvwtjck
.wstjoxrwsrlezhykethyejkpcsvwtjckezwgejkethyepcsvecpeweocv.xtys
.scnswv,ewrrczymepcsensywtysecdyswrreosywtjdjtl eeZhykelcxezysy
zcsbjkneckewevwohjkyerjbyethyeTF-0,ezhjoheowvyezjthewrvcgtekc
gcptzwsy,eydyslckyezcxrmepxsjcxgrlezsjtyeglgtyvge.scnswvgetcevwby
.scnswvvjkneywgjys--TccrgetceVwbyeTccrg,eby.tejkethyemswzyseal
thyeockgcryepcseywglewooyggealewklckyexgjknethyevwohjky eeThjg
.sydyktymethyemsywm,etjvy-zwgtjknesjtxwrecpesyjkdyktjknethy
zhyyr:ejkgtywmecpeydyslacmlezsjtjknehjgeczkedysgjckecpethyegwvy
.scnswv,ethyeaygtedysgjckezcxrmeayewdwjrwaryetceydyslcky,ewkm
ydyslckyezcxrmeayepsyyetcemyrdyejktcethyeocmyewkmejv.scdyeck
THWT eeWezcsrmegtxmmymezjthepywtxsy-pxrre.scnswvg,eaxvvymetcethy
vjkjvxv,emyaxnnymetce.yspyotjck 

Thyeayrjyp,egcvytjvygetwbykexkockmjtjckwrrl,ethwtejkpcsvwtjck
ghcxrmeayepsyyezwgewemjsyotetsjaxtyetcethyezwleweg.rykmjm
ocv.xtys,ecseocv.xtyse.scnswv,ezcsbg--thyeajkwsleajtgevcdjknejk
thyevcgtegtswjnhtpcszwsm,ercnjowre.wthekyoyggwsletcemcethyjs
ocv.ryfeica,eZhwtezwgeweocv.xtyseaxtegcvythjknezhjoheaykypjtym
pscvewepsyyeprczecpejkpcsvwtjck?eeJp,egwl,ethyewooxvxrwtcsepcxkm
jtgyrpexkwaryetcenytejkpcsvwtjckepscvethyejk.xt/cxt.xte(j/c)
mydjoygerjbyethyetw.yesywmysecsethyegzjtohyg,ethyezhcryeglgtyv
zcxrmeocrrw.gy eeJkethyehwobysedjyz.cjkt,ewkleglgtyveocxrm
aykypjtepscvethwteywgleprczecpejkpcsvwtjck 

VJGTSXGTeWXTHCSJTL--.SCVCTYeMYOYKTSWRJUWTJCK 

Thyeaygtezwletce.scvctyethjgepsyyeyfohwknyecpejkpcsvwtjckejgetc
hwdyewkec.ykeglgtyv,egcvythjknezhjohe.sygyktgekceacxkmwsjyg
aytzyykewehwobysewkmewe.jyoyecpejkpcsvwtjckecsewkejtyvecp
yqxj.vyktethwtehyekyymgejkehjgeqxygtepcsebkczrymny,ejv.scdyvykt,
wkmetjvyeck-rjky eeThyerwgtethjknelcxekyymejgeweaxsywxoswol 
Axsywxoswojyg,ezhythyseocs.cswty,encdyskvykt,ecsexkjdysgjtl,ewsy
prwzymeglgtyvg,emwknyscxgejkethwtethyleowkkctewoocvvcmwtyethy
yf.rcswtcslejv.xrgyecpetsxyehwobysg eeAxsywxoswtgehjmyeayhjkm
wsajtswslesxryge(wgec..cgymetcethyercnjowrewrncsjthvgealezhjoh
vwohjkygewkmeocv.xtyse.scnswvgec.yswty):eethylejkdcbyethcgyesxryg
tceockgcrjmwtye.czys,ewkme.ysoyjdyethyeockgtsxotjdyejv.xrgyecp
hwobysgewgewethsywt 

Thyey.jtcvyecpethyeaxsywxoswtjoezcsrmezwgetceayepcxkmewtewedysl
rwsnyeocv.wkleowrrymeJktyskwtjckwreAxgjkyggeVwohjkyg--JAV eeThy
sywgckejtgeocv.xtysgezysyeawtoh-.scoyggymeHxrbjkneNjwktgezwgeckrl
.wstjwrrleayowxgyecpedwoxxvetxayetyohkcrcnl,eThyesywresywgckezwg
thwteJAVezwgeweorxvgl,ehxrbjkneocv.wklezhjohemjmekctexkmysgtwkm
thyehwobjknejv.xrgy eeJpeJAVehwmejtgezwle(gcethyeTVSOehwobysg
thcxnht),ethyezcsrmezcxrmeayeawtoh-.scoyggym,erwjmecxteckethcgy
wkkcljknerjttrye.xkoheowsmg,ewkmeckrlethyevcgte.sjdjrynymecp
.sjygtgezcxrmeaye.ysvjttymetcewotxwrrlejktyswotezjthethy
ocv.xtys 

WrrelcxehwmetcemcezwgerccbewtegcvyckyejkethyeJAVezcsrm,ewkmekcty
thyeaxttck-mczkezhjtyeghjst,ethyekywtrle.jkkymearwobetjy,ethy
hwjseowsypxrrlehyrmejke.rwoy,ewkmethyetswlecpe.xkoheowsmgejk
hwkm eeLcxeocxrmezwkmysejktcethyeOcv.xtwtjckeOyktys,ezhysyethy
704,ethye709,ewkmerwtysethye7090ezysyegtcsym--thyeaygteJAVehwmetc
cppys--wkmegyyethyegtjprjknecsmysrjkygg,emczketcethyesc.ym-cpp
wsywgeaylckmezhjohekck-wxthcsjuyme.yc.ryeocxrmekctedyktxsy eeWkm
lcxeocxrmeocv.wsyethwtetcethyeyftsyvyrlejkpcsvwrewtvcg.hysy
wscxkmethyeTF-0,ezhysyensxknleorcthygezysyethyekcsvewkmewrvcgt
wklckyeocxrmezwkmysejk 

Kcz,eJAVehwmemckyewkmezcxrmeocktjkxyetcemcevwklethjkngetcewmdwkoy
ocv.xtjkn eeAlejtgeghyysegjuyewkmevjnhtlejkprxykoy,ejtehwmevwmy
ocv.xtysgewe.ysvwkykte.wstecperjpyejkeWvysjow eeTcevwkle.yc.ry,
thyezcsmgeJAVewkmeocv.xtysezysyedjstxwrrleglkcklvcxg eeJAV'g
vwohjkygezysyesyrjwaryezcsbhcsgyg,ezcsthlecpethyetsxgtethwt
axgjkyggvykewkmegojyktjgtgejkdygtymejkethyv eeThjgezwgemxyejk
.wstetceJAV'geockgysdwtjdyew..scwoh:ejtezcxrmekctevwbyethyevcgt
tyohkcrcnjowrrlewmdwkoymevwohjkyg,eaxtezcxrmesyrlecke.scdyk
ockoy.tgewkmeowsypxr,ewnnsyggjdyevwsbytjkn eeWgeJAV'gemcvjkwkoy
cpethyeocv.xtysepjyrmezwgeygtwarjghym,ethyeocv.wkleayowvyewk
yv.jsyexktcejtgyrp,egyosytjdyewkmegvxn 

ZhwtesywrrlemscdyethyehwobysgeoswulezwgethyewttjtxmyecpethyeJAV
.sjygtgewkmegxa-.sjygtg,ezhcegyyvymetcethjkbethwteJAVehwmethy
ckrle"sywr"eocv.xtysg,ewkmethyesygtezysyewrretswgh eeLcxeocxrmk't
twrbetcethcgye.yc.ry--thylezysyeaylckmeockdjkojkn eeThylezysy
awtoh-.scoyggyme.yc.ry,ewkmejteghczymekcteckrlejkethyjs
.sypysykoyecpevwohjkyg,eaxtejkethyjsejmywewacxtethyezwlew
ocv.xtwtjckeoyktys,ewkmewezcsrm,eghcxrmeayesxk eeThcgye.yc.ry
ocxrmekydysexkmysgtwkmethyecadjcxgegx.ysjcsjtlecpewemyoyktswrjuym
glgtyv,ezjthekceckyenjdjknecsmysg:eweglgtyvezhysye.yc.ryeocxrm
pcrrczethyjsejktysygtg,ewkmejpewrcknethyezwlethylemjgocdysymew
prwzejkethyeglgtyv,ethyleocxrmeyvawsbeckewvajtjcxgegxsnysl eeKc
kyymetcenytewesyqxjgjtjckepcsv eeixgtewekyymetcenytegcvythjkn
mcky 

Thjgewktjaxsywxoswtjoeaykteocjkojmymekywtrlezjthethy
.ysgckwrjtjygecpevwklecpethyehwobysg,ezhcegjkoyeohjrmhccmehwm
nsczkewooxgtcvymetceaxjrmjknegojykoye.sciyotgezhjryethyesygtecp
thyjseorwggvwtygezysyeawknjknethyjsehywmgetcnythysewkmerywskjkn
gcojwregbjrrgeckethyepjyrmecpeg.cst eeThygyelcxknewmxrtgezhcezysy
ckoyecxtowgtgepcxkmethyeocv.xtysewepwktwgtjoeyqxwrjuys,
yf.ysjykojknewepyyrjkn,ewoocsmjknetce.ytyseGwvgck,e"rjbyelcx
c.ykymethyemccsewkmezwrbymethscxnhethjgenswkmekyzexkjdysgye e e "
Ckoyethyle.wggymethscxnhethwtemccsewkmegwteayhjkmethyeockgcryecp
wevjrrjck-mcrrwseocv.xtys,ehwobysgehwme.czys eeGcejtezwgekwtxswr
tcemjgtsxgtewklepcsoyezhjohevjnhtetsletcerjvjtethyeyftyktecpethwt
.czys 

HWOBYSGeGHCXRMeAYeIXMNYMeALeTHYJSeHWOBJKN,eKCTeACNXGeOSJTYSJW
GXOHeWGeMYNSYYG,eWNY,eSWOY,eCSe.CGJTJCK 

Thyesywmlewooy.twkoyecpetzyrdy-lyws-crme.ytyseMyxtgohejkethyeTF-0
ocvvxkjtle(thcxnhekctealekck-hwobysenswmxwtyegtxmyktg)ezwgewenccm
yfwv.ry eeRjbyzjgy,e.yc.ryezhcetscttymejkezjthegyyvjknrl
jv.syggjdyeosymyktjwrgezysyekctetwbykegysjcxgrlexktjrethyle.scdym
thyvgyrdygewtethyeockgcryecpeweocv.xtys eeThjgevysjtcoswtjoetswjt
zwgekctekyoyggwsjrlescctymejkethyejkhysyktenccmkyggecpehwobys
hywstg--jtezwgevwjkrlethwtehwobysgeowsymeryggewacxtegcvycky'g
gx.yspjojwreohwswotysjgtjogethwkethylemjmewacxtehjge.ctyktjwretc
wmdwkoyethyenykyswregtwtyecpehwobjkn,etceosywtyekyze.scnswvgetc
wmvjsy,etcetwrbewacxtethwtekyzepywtxsyejkethyeglgtyv 

LCXeOWKeOSYWTYeWSTeWKMeAYWXTLeCKeWeOCV.XTYS 

Gwvgck'gevxgjoe.scnswvezwgewkeyfwv.ry eeAxtetcehwobysg,ethyewst
cpethye.scnswvemjmekctesygjmyejkethye.rywgjknegcxkmgeyvwkwtjkn
pscvethyeck-rjkyeg.ywbys eeThyeocmyecpethye.scnswvehyrmeweaywxtl
cpejtgeczk ee(Gwvgck,ethcxnh,ezwge.wstjoxrwsrlecagoxsyejk
sypxgjknetcewmmeocvvyktgetcehjgegcxsoyeocmyeyf.rwjkjknezhwtehy
zwgemcjknewtewenjdyketjvy eeCkyezyrr-mjgtsjaxtyme.scnswveGwvgck
zsctyezykteckepcsehxkmsymgecpewggyvarlerwknxwnyejkgtsxotjckg,
zjtheckrleckyeocvvykteaygjmyewkejkgtsxotjckezhjoheocktwjkymethy
kxvayse1750 eeThyeocvvyktezwgeSJ.IGA,ewkme.yc.ryeswobymethyjs
aswjkgewacxtejtgevywkjknexktjregcvyckyepjnxsymecxtethwte1750ezwg
thyelywseAwohemjym,ewkmethwteGwvgckehwmezsjttykewkewaasydjwtjck
pcseSygteJke.ywoyeIchwkkeGyawgtjwkeAwoh )

Weoystwjkeygthytjoecpe.scnswvvjknegtlryehwmeyvysnym eeAyowxgyecp
thyerjvjtymevyvcsleg.woyecpethyeTF-0e(wehwkmjow.ethwteyftykmymetc
wrreocv.xtysgecpethwteysw),ehwobysgeowvyetcemyy.rlew..syojwty
jkkcdwtjdyetyohkjqxygezhjohewrrczyme.scnswvgetcemceocv.rjowtym
twgbgezjthedyslepyzejkgtsxotjckg eeThyeghcstysewe.scnswvezwg,ethy
vcsyeg.woyelcxehwmeryptepcsecthyse.scnswvg,ewkmethyepwgtysew
.scnswveswk eeGcvytjvygezhykelcxemjmk'tekyymeg.yymecseg.woyevxoh,
wkmelcxezysyk'tethjkbjknewacxtewstewkmeaywxtl,elcx'mehwob
tcnythysewkexnrle.scnswv,ewttwobjknethye.scaryvezjthe"asxty
pcsoy"evythcmg ee"Zyrr,ezyeowkemcethjgealewmmjknetzyktlekxvaysg,"
Gwvgckevjnhtegwletcehjvgyrp,e"wkmejt'geqxjobysetcezsjty
jkgtsxotjckgetcemcethwtethwketcethjkbecxtewercc.ejkethyeaynjkkjkn
wkmethyeykmetcemcethyegwvyeicaejkegydykecseyjnhtejkgtsxotjckg "
Axtethyerwttyse.scnswvevjnhteayewmvjsymealepyrrczehwobysg,ewkm
gcvye.scnswvgezysyeaxvvymetcethyepyzygterjkygegcewstpxrrlethwt
thyewxthcs'ge.yysgezcxrmerccbewtejtewkmewrvcgtevyrtezjthewzy 

Gcvytjvyge.scnswveaxvvjkneayowvyeocv.ytjtjdy,ewevwohceocktygtetc
.scdyeckygyrpegcevxohejkeocvvwkmecpethyeglgtyvethwteckyeocxrm
syocnkjuyeyrynwkteghcstoxtgetceghwdyecppewkejkgtsxotjckecsetzc,
cs,eayttyselyt,esythjkbethyezhcrye.scaryvewkmemydjgyewekyz
wrncsjthvezhjohezcxrmegwdyewezhcryearcobecpejkgtsxotjckg ee(Wk
wrncsjthvejgeweg.yojpjoe.scoymxsyezhjoheckyeowkew..rletcegcrdyew
ocv.ryfeocv.xtyse.scaryv;ejtejgegcstecpewevwthyvwtjowregbyrytck
byl )eThjgeocxrmevcgteyv.hwtjowrrleayemckyealew..scwohjknethy
.scaryvepscvewkecppaywtewknryethwtekceckyehwmeydysethcxnhtecp
aypcsyeaxtethwtejkesytscg.yotevwmyetctwregykgy eeThysyezwg
mypjkjtyrlewkewstjgtjoejv.xrgyesygjmjknejkethcgyezhceocxrm
xtjrjuyethjgenykjxg-pscv-Vwsgetyohkjqxygearwob-vwnjo,edjgjckwsl
qxwrjtlezhjoheykwarymethyvetcemjgowsmethyegtwryecxtrccbecpethy
aygtevjkmgeckeywsthewkmeocvyex.ezjthewetctwrrlexkyf.yotymekyz
wrncsjthv 

Thjgehw..ykymezjthethyemyojvwre.sjktescxtjkye.scnswv eeThjgezwgew
gxascxtjkyge.scnswvezjthjkewe.scnswvethwtelcxeocxrmegcvytjvyg
jktynswtyejktcevwklemjppysykte.scnswvg--tcetswkgrwtyeajkwsl
kxvaysgethwtethyeocv.xtysenwdyelcxejktcesynxrwsemyojvwrekxvaysg 
JkeGwxkmysg'ezcsmg,ethjge.scaryveayowvyethye".wzk'gewggecp
.scnswvvjkn--jpelcxeocxrmezsjtyewemyojvwre.sjktescxtjkyezhjoh
zcsbymelcxebkyzeykcxnhewacxtethyeocv.xtysetceowrrelcxsgyrpew
.scnswvvysecpegcstg "eeWkmejpelcxezsctyeweNSYWTemyojvwre.sjkt
scxtjky,elcxevjnhteayewaryetceowrrelcxsgyrpewehwobys eeVcsyethwk
weocv.ytjtjck,ethyexrtjvwtyeaxvvjknecpethyemyojvwre.sjktescxtjky
ayowvyewegcstecpehwobyseHcrleNswjr 

Dwsjcxgedysgjckgecpemyojvwre.sjktescxtjkygehwmeayykewscxkmepcs
gcvyevckthg eeJpelcxezysyeayjknemyrjayswtyrlegtx.jmewacxtejt,ecs
jpelcxezysyewenykxjkyevcsck--wkecxt-wkm-cxte"rcgys"--jtevjnht
twbyelcxewehxkmsymejkgtsxotjckgetcenytethyeocv.xtysetceockdyst
vwohjkyerwknxwnyetcemyojvwr eeAxtewklehwobysezcsthehjgegwrteocxrm
mcejtejkerygg,ewkmepjkwrrl,ealetwbjknethyeaygtecpethye.scnswvg,
axvvjknewkejkgtsxotjckehysyewkmethysy,ethyescxtjkyezwgemjvjkjghym
tcewacxtepjptlejkgtsxotjckg 

Wptysethwt,ethjkngenctegysjcxg ee.yc.ryezcxrmezcsbepcsehcxsg,
gyybjknewezwletcemcethyegwvyethjknejkepyzyserjkygecpeocmy eeJt
ayowvyevcsyethwkeweocv.ytjtjck;ejtezwgeweqxygt eePcsewrrethy
yppcsteyf.ykmym,ekceckyegyyvymetceayewaryetceoswobethyepjptl-rjky
awssjys eeThyeqxygtjckewscgyezhythysejtezwgeydyke.cggjaryetcemc
jtejkerygg eeZwgethysyewe.cjkteaylckmezhjohewe.scnswveocxrmekct
ayeaxvvym?

Wvcknethye.yc.rye.xuurjknezjthethjgemjryvvwezwgewepyrrczekwvym
Iykgck,ewetwrr,egjryktehwobysepscveVwjkyezhcezcxrmegjteqxjytrlejk
thyeBrxnyeSccvewkmegosjaaryecke.sjktcxtgezjthethyeowrvemyvywkcs
cpeweawobzccmgvwkezhjttrjkn eeIykgckezwgewrzwlgerccbjknepcsezwlg
tceocv.syggehjge.scnswvgejketjvyewkmeg.woy--hjgeocmyezwgew
ocv.rytyrleajuwssyegyqxykoyecpejktysvjknrymeAccrywkewkm
wsjthvytjoepxkotjckg,ecptykeowxgjknegydyswremjppysykt
ocv.xtwtjckgetcecooxsejkemjppysyktegyotjckgecpethyegwvy
yjnhtyyk-ajte"zcsm "eeWvwujknethjkng,evwnjowregtxktg 

AypcsyeIykgck,ethysyehwmeayykenykyswrewnsyyvyktethwtethyeckrl
rcnjowrewrncsjthvepcsewemyojvwre.sjktescxtjkyezcxrmehwdyethy
vwohjkyesy.ywtymrlegxatswotjkn,exgjknewetwaryecpethye.czysgecp
tyketcebyy.ethyekxvaysgejke.sc.ysemjnjtwreocrxvkg eeIykgck
gcvyhczepjnxsymethwtewe.czysg-cp-tyketwaryezwgk'tekyoyggwsl;ehy
owvyex.ezjthewkewrncsjthvethwtezwgewaryetceockdystethyemjnjtgejk
wesydysgyecsmyseaxt,ealegcvyemjnjtwregryjnhtecpehwkm,e.sjktethyv
cxtejkethye.sc.ysecsmys eeThysyezwgeweocv.ryfevwthyvwtjowr
ixgtjpjowtjcketcejtethwtezwgeorywsetcethyecthysehwobysgeckrlezhyk
thylegwzeIykgck'ge.scnswve.cgtymeckeweaxrrytjkeacwsm,ehjgezwlecp
tyrrjknethyvethwtehyehwmetwbykethyemyojvwre.sjktescxtjkyetcejtg
rjvjt eePCSTL-GJFeJKGTSXOTJCKG ee.yc.ryezcxrmegtwsyewtethyeocmy
wkmethyjseiwzgezcxrmemsc. eeVwsnyeGwxkmysgesyvyvaysgethyehwobysg
ayjknexkxgxwrrleqxjytepcsemwlgewptyszwsm 

"Zyebkyzethwtezwgethyeykmecpejt,"eAcaeGwxkmysgerwtysegwjm ee"Thwt
zwgeKjsdwkw "

OCV.XTYSGeOWKeOHWKNYeLCXSeRJPYePCSeTHYeAYTTYS 

Thjgeayrjypezwgegxatrlevwkjpygt eeSwsyrlezcxrmewehwobysetsletc
jv.cgyewedjyzecpethyevlsjwmewmdwktwnygecpethyeocv.xtysezwlecp
bkczrymnyetcewkecxtgjmys eeLytethjge.syvjgyemcvjkwtymethy
ydyslmwleayhwdjcsecpethyeTF-0ehwobysg,ewgezyrrewgethyenykyswtjckg
cpehwobysgethwteowvyewptysethyv 

Gxsyrlethyeocv.xtysehwmeohwknymeTHYJSerjdyg,eyksjohymethyjs
rjdyg,enjdykethyjserjdygepcoxg,evwmyethyjserjdygewmdyktxscxg eeJt
hwmevwmyethyvevwgtysgecpeweoystwjkegrjoyecpepwty ee.ytyseGwvgck
rwtysegwjm,e"Zyemjmejtetzyktl-pjdyetcethjstle.ysoyktepcsethyegwby
cpemcjknejteayowxgyejtezwgegcvythjknezyeocxrmemcewkmemcezyrr,ewkm
gjftle.ysoyktepcsethyegwbyecpehwdjknegcvythjknezhjohezwgejkejtg
vytw.hcsjowrezwlewrjdy,ecxsecppg.sjkn,ezhjohezcxrmemcethjkngeck
jtgeczkezhykezyezysyepjkjghym eeThwt'gethyensywtethjknewacxt
.scnswvvjkn,ethyevwnjowrew..ywrejtehwge e e eeCkoyelcxepjfew
ayhwdjcswre.scaryve[weocv.xtysecse.scnswv]ehwg,ejt'gepjfym
pcsydys,ewkmejtejgeyfwotrlewkejvwnyecpezhwtelcxevywkt "

RJBYeWRWMMJK'GeRWV.,eLCXeOCXRMeNYTeJTeTCeMCeLCXSeAJMMJKN 

Gxsyrleydyslckyeocxrmeaykypjtepscveyf.ysjykojknethjge.czys 
GxsyrleydyslckyeocxrmeaykypjtepscvewezcsrmeawgymeckethyeHwobys
Ythjo eeThjgezwgethyejv.rjojteayrjypecpethyehwobysg,ewkmethy
hwobysgejssydysyktrleyftykmymethyeockdyktjckwre.cjktecpedjyzecp
zhwteocv.xtysgeocxrmewkmeghcxrmemc--rywmjknethyezcsrmetcewekyz
zwlecperccbjknewkmejktyswotjknezjtheocv.xtysg 

Thjgezwgekcteywgjrlemcky eeYdykewtegxohewkewmdwkoymejkgtjtxtjck
wgeVJT,egcvye.scpyggcsgeockgjmysymewevwkjoewppjkjtlepcseocv.xtysg
wgepsjdcrcxg,eydykemyvyktym eeTVSOehwobyseAcaeZwnkyseckoyehwmetc
yf.rwjketcewkeyknjkyysjkne.scpyggcsezhwteweocv.xtysezwg eeZwnkys
yf.ysjykoymethjgeorwghecpeocv.xtysedysgxgewktj-ocv.xtyseydykevcsy
djdjmrlezhykehyetccbeweKxvysjowreWkwrlgjgeorwggejkezhjohethy
.scpyggcsesyqxjsymeywohegtxmyktetcemcehcvyzcsbexgjkneswttrjkn,
orxkbleyryotscvyohwkjowreowroxrwtcsg eeBctcbezwgejkethyegwvy
orwgg,ewkmeacthecpethyvezysyew..wrrymewtethye.scg.yotecpezcsbjkn
zjthethcgyerc-tyohevwohjkyg ee"Zhleghcxrmezy,"ethylewgbym,e"zhyk
zy'dyenctethjgeocv.xtys?"

GceZwnkyseaynwkezcsbjkneckeweocv.xtyse.scnswvethwtezcxrmeyvxrwty
thyeayhwdjcsecpeweowroxrwtcs eeThyejmywezwgecxtswnycxg eeTcegcvy,
jtezwgewevjgw..sc.sjwtjckecpedwrxwaryevwohjkyetjvy eeWoocsmjknetc
thyegtwkmwsmethjkbjkneckeocv.xtysg,ethyjsetjvyezwgetcce.syojcxg
thwteckyeghcxrmeckrlewttyv.tethjkngezhjohetccbevwfjvxvewmdwktwny
cpethyeocv.xtys,ethjkngethwtecthyszjgyezcxrmetwbyesccvpxrgecp
vwthyvwtjojwkgemwlgecpevjkmryggeowroxrwtjkn eeHwobysgepyrt
cthyszjgy:ewklthjknethwtegyyvymejktysygtjknecsepxkezwgepcmmysepcs
ocv.xtjkn--wkmexgjknejktyswotjdyeocv.xtysg,ezjthekceckyerccbjkn
cdyselcxseghcxrmysewkmemyvwkmjkneorywswkoyepcselcxseg.yojpjo
.sciyot,elcxeocxrmewoteckethwteayrjyp eeWptysetzcecsethsyyevckthg
cpetwknrjknezjthejktsjowojygecpeprcwtjkn-.cjktewsjthvytjo
(kyoyggwsletcewrrczethye.scnswvetcebkczezhysyetce.rwoyethy
myojvwre.cjkt)eckewevwohjkyethwtehwmekcegjv.ryevythcmetce.yspcsv
yryvyktwslevxrtj.rjowtjck,eZwnkysehwmezsjttykethsyyethcxgwkm
rjkygecpeocmyethwtemjmethyeica eeHyehwmevwmyewesjmjoxrcxgrl
yf.ykgjdyeocv.xtyse.yspcsvethyepxkotjckecpeweowroxrwtcsethwteocgt
wethcxgwkmetjvygerygg eeTcehckcsethjgejsckl,ehyeowrrymethy
.scnswveYf.ykgjdyeMygbeOwroxrwtcs,ewkme.scxmrlemjmethyehcvyzcsb
pcsehjgeorwggeckejt 

Hjgenswmy--uysc ee"Lcxexgymeweocv.xtys!"ethye.scpyggcsetcrmehjv 
"ThjgeOWK'Teayesjnht "

Zwnkysemjmk'teydykeacthysetceyf.rwjk eeHczeocxrmehyeockdyletcehjg
tywohysethwtethyeocv.xtysezwgevwbjknesywrjtjygecxtecpezhwtezysy
ckoyejkosymjarye.cggjajrjtjyg?eeCsethwtewkcthysehwobysehwmeydyk
zsjttykewe.scnswveowrrymeYf.ykgjdyeTl.yzsjtysethwteockdystymethy
TF-0etcegcvythjknelcxeocxrmezsjtyetyfteck,eocxrme.scoyggelcxs
zsjtjknejkegtsjkngecpeohwswotysgewkme.sjktejtecxteckethy
Pryfczsjtys--ocxrmelcxejvwnjkyewe.scpyggcsewooy.tjkneweorwggzcsb
sy.csteZSJTTYKeALeTHYeOCV.XTYS?eeHczeocxrmethwte.scpyggcs--hcz
ocxrm,ejkepwot,ewklckyezhcehwmk'teayykejvvysgymejkethjgexkohwstym
vwk-vwohjkyexkjdysgy--xkmysgtwkmehczeZwnkysewkmehjgepyrrcz
hwobysgezysyescxtjkyrlexgjknethyeocv.xtysetcegjvxrwty,ewoocsmjkn
tceZwnkys,e"gtswknyegjtxwtjckgezhjoheckyeocxrmegowsoyrleykdjgjck
cthyszjgy"?eeThye.scpyggcsezcxrmerywskejketjvy,ewgezcxrm
ydyslcky,ethwtethyezcsrmec.ykymex.ealethyeocv.xtysezwgew
rjvjtryggecky 

Jpewklckyekyymymepxsthyse.sccp,elcxeocxrmeojtyethye.sciyotethwt
BctcbezwgezcsbjkneckejkethyeOcv.xtwtjckeOyktys,ethyeohygge.scnswv
thwteaywsmymeWre.scpyggcse"Xkory"eIchkeVoOwsthl,ewgehyezwg
ayocvjknebkczketcehjgehwobysegtxmyktg,ehwmeaynxkeckethyeJAVe704 
YdykethcxnheBctcbewkmethyegydyswrecthysehwobysgehyr.jknehjveck
thye.scnswvehwmeckrleocktyv.tepcsethyeJAVeawtoh-.scoyggjkn
vyktwrjtlethwte.ysdwmymethyevwohjkyewkmethye.yc.ryewscxkmejt,
thylehwmevwkwnymetcegoscxknyegcvyerwty-kjnhtetjvyetcexgyejt
jktyswotjdyrl,ewkmehwmeayykeyknwnjknejkewkejkpcsvwreawttryezjth
thyeglgtyvge.scnswvvysgeckethye704etcegyyezhjohenscx.ezcxrmeay
bkczkewgethyeajnnygteockgxvysecpeocv.xtysetjvy eeThyerywmezcxrm
acxkoyeawobewkmepcsth,ewkmethyezhjty-ghjst-wkm-arwob-tjye704
.yc.ryezysyejv.syggymeykcxnhetcewotxwrrleryteBctcbewkmehjgenscx.
tcxohethyeaxttckgewkmegzjtohygeckethye704:eeswsyegykgxwreocktwot
zjthewedwxktymeJAVeaywgt 

Bctcb'gescryejkeasjknjknethyeohygge.scnswvetcerjpyezwgejkmjowtjdy
cpezhwtezwgetceayocvyethyehwobysescryejkeWstjpjojwreJktyrrjnykoy:
weHywdleHywmerjbyeVoOwsthlecserjbyehjgeocrrywnxyeVwsdjkeVjkgbl
zcxrmeaynjkewe.sciyotecsezckmysewrcxmezhythysegcvythjknevjnhteay
.cggjary,ewkmethyehwobysg,ejpejtejktysygtymethyv,ezcxrmegytewacxt
mcjknejt 

Thyeohygge.scnswvehwmeayykegtwstymexgjknePCSTSWK,eckyecpethy
ywsrleocv.xtyserwknxwnyg eeOcv.xtyserwknxwnygerccbevcsyerjby
Yknrjghethwkewggyvarlerwknxwny,ewsyeywgjysetcezsjtyezjth,ewkmemc
vcsyethjkngezjthepyzysejkgtsxotjckg;ehczydys,eywohetjvyewk
jkgtsxotjckejgenjdykejkeweocv.xtyserwknxwnyerjbyePCSTSWK,ethy
ocv.xtysevxgtepjsgtetswkgrwtyethwteocvvwkmejktcejtgeczkeajkwsl
rwknxwny eeWe.scnswveowrrymeweocv.jrysemcygethjg,ewkmethy
ocv.jrysetwbygex.etjvyetcemcejtgeica,ewgezyrrewgecoox.ljkn
dwrxwaryeg.woyezjthjkethyeocv.xtys eeJkeyppyot,exgjkneweocv.xtys
rwknxwnye.xtgelcxewkeyftswegty.ewzwlepscvemjsyoteocktwotezjthethy
ocv.xtys,ewkmehwobysgenykyswrrle.sypyssymewggyvarlecs,ewgethyl
owrrymejt,e"vwohjky"erwknxwnyetceryggeyrynwkt,e"hjnhys-rydyr"
rwknxwnygerjbyePCSTSWK 

Bctcb,ethcxnh,esyocnkjuymethwteayowxgyecpethyehxnyewvcxktgecp
kxvaysgethwtezcxrmehwdyetceayeosxkohymejkeweohygge.scnswv,e.wst
cpethye.scnswvezcxrmehwdyetceayemckyejkePCSTSWK,ewkme.wstejk
wggyvarl eeThylehwobymejte.wsteale.wst,ezjthe"vcdyenykyswtcsg,"
awgjoemwtwegtsxotxsyg,ewkmewrrebjkmgecpejkkcdwtjdyewrncsjthvgepcs
gtswtynl eeWptysepyymjknethyevwohjkyethyesxrygepcsevcdjkneywoh
.jyoy,ethylenwdyejtegcvye.wswvytysgealezhjohetceydwrxwtyejtg
.cgjtjck,eockgjmysedwsjcxgevcdyg,ewkmevwbyethyevcdyezhjohezcxrm
wmdwkoyejtetcethyevcgtewmdwktwnycxgegjtxwtjck eeBctcbeby.tewtejt
pcselywsg,ethye.scnswvensczjknewgeVJTeby.tex.nswmjknejtgeJAV
ocv.xtysg,ewkmeckyevyvcswaryekjnhtewepyzehwobysgenwthysymetcegyy
thye.scnswvevwbyegcvyecpejtgepjsgtevcdygejkewesywrenwvy eeJtgec.ykys
zwgeqxjtyesyg.yotwary,eaxtewptyseyjnhtecsegceyfohwknygethysyezwgesywr
tscxary,ezjthethyeocv.xtysewacxtetceayeohyobvwtym eeYdyslacml
zckmysymehczethyeocv.xtysezcxrmesywot eeJtetccewezhjrye(ydyslcky
bkyzethwtemxsjknethcgye.wxgygethyeocv.xtysezwgewotxwrrle"thjkbjkn,"
jpelcxsejmywecpethjkbjknejkorxmymevyohwkjowrrleockgjmysjkn
dwsjcxgevcdyg,eydwrxwtjknethyv,esyiyotjknevcgt,ewkmexgjknew
.symypjkymegytecpe.wswvytysgetcexrtjvwtyrlevwbyeweohcjoy) eePjkwrrl,
thyeocv.xtysevcdymewe.wzketzcegqxwsygepcszwsm--jrrynwrrleixv.jkn
cdysewkcthyse.jyoy eeWeaxn!eeAxteweorydysecky--jtenctethyeocv.xtys
cxtecpeohyob eeVwlayethye.scnswvezwgepjnxsjknecxtegcvyekyz
wrncsjthvezjthezhjohetceockqxyseohygg 

Wtecthysexkjdysgjtjyg,e.scpyggcsgezysyevwbjkne.xarjoe.scorwvwtjckg
thwteocv.xtysgezcxrmekydyseayewaryetceaywtewehxvwkeayjknejkeohygg 
Hwobysgebkyzeayttys eeThylezcxrmeayethyeckygezhcezcxrmenxjmy
ocv.xtysgetcensywtysehyjnhtgethwkewklckyeyf.yotym eeWkmethyehwobysg,
alepsxjtpxr,evywkjknpxrewggcojwtjckezjthethyeocv.xtys,ezcxrmeay
pcsyvcgtewvcknethyeaykypjojwsjyg 

Axtethylezcxrmekcteayethyeckrleaykypjojwsjyg eeYdyslckyeocxrmenwjk
gcvythjknealethyexgyecpethjkbjkneocv.xtysgejkewkejktyrryotxwrrl
wxtcvwtymezcsrm eeWkmezcxrmk'teydyslckyeaykypjteydykevcsyeal
w..scwohjknethyezcsrmezjthethyegwvyejkqxjgjtjdyejktykgjtl,
gby.tjojgvetczwsmeaxsywxoswol,ec.ykkyggetceosywtjdjtl,
xkgyrpjghkyggejkeghwsjknewoocv.rjghvyktg,exsnyetcevwbyejv.scdyvyktg,
wkmemygjsyetceaxjrmewgethcgyezhcepcrrczymethyeHwobyseYthjo?
Alewooy.tjknecthysgeckethyegwvyexk.syixmjoymeawgjgealezhjoh
ocv.xtysgewooy.tymewklckyezhceyktysymeocmyejktcewePryfczsjtys?
Zcxrmk'tezyeaykypjtejpezyerywskymepscveocv.xtysgethyevywkgecp
osywtjknewe.yspyoteglgtyv?eeJpeYDYSLCKYeocxrmejktyswotezjth
ocv.xtysgezjthethyegwvyejkkcoykt,e.scmxotjdy,eosywtjdyejv.xrgy
thwtehwobysgemjm,ethyeHwobyseYthjoevjnhteg.sywmethscxnhegcojytl
rjbyeweaykydcryktesj..ry,ewkmeocv.xtysgezcxrmejkmyymeohwkny
thyezcsrmepcsethyeayttys 

JkethyevckwgtjoeockpjkygecpethyeVwggwohxgyttgeJkgtjtxtyecpeTyohkcrcnl,
.yc.ryehwmethyepsyymcvetcerjdyecxtethjgemsywv--thyehwobysemsywv 
Kceckyemwsymegxnnygtethwtethyemsywvevjnhteg.sywm eeJkgtywm,e.yc.ry
gytewacxteaxjrmjkn,esjnhtethysyewteVJT,ewehwobyseFwkwmxethyerjbyg
cpezhjohevjnhtekydyseayemx.rjowtym 





Hwobysg,eHyscygecpethyeOcv.xtyseSydcrxtjck,ealeGtydykeRydl
(O)1984ealeGtydykeRydl







Ykmecpethye.sciyoteNxtykaysneYAccbecpeHwobysg,eHyscygecpethyeOcv.xtys
Sydcrxtjck,ealeGty.hykeRydl

***eYKMeCPeTHJGe.SCIYOTeNXTYKAYSNeYACCBeHWOBYSG,eHYSCYGeCPeOCV.XTYSeSYD e***

*****eThjgepjryeghcxrmeayekwvyme729 tftecse729 uj.e*****
Thjgewkmewrrewggcojwtymepjrygecpedwsjcxgepcsvwtgezjrreayepcxkmejk:
eeeeeeeehtt.://zzz nxtykaysn csn/7/2/729/



X.mwtymeymjtjckgezjrresy.rwoyethye.sydjcxgecky--thyecrmeymjtjckg
zjrreayesykwvym 

Osywtjknethyezcsbgepscve.xarjoemcvwjke.sjkteymjtjckgevywkgethwtekc
ckyeczkgeweXkjtymeGtwtygeoc.lsjnhtejkethygyezcsbg,egcethyePcxkmwtjck
(wkmelcx!)eowkeoc.lewkmemjgtsjaxtyejtejkethyeXkjtymeGtwtygezjthcxt
.ysvjggjckewkmezjthcxte.wljkneoc.lsjnhtesclwrtjyg eeG.yojwresxryg,
gytepcsthejkethyeNykyswreTysvgecpeXgye.wstecpethjgerjoykgy,ew..rletc
oc.ljknewkmemjgtsjaxtjkne.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tveyryotsckjoezcsbgetc
.sctyotethye.SCIYOTeNXTYKAYSN-tveockoy.tewkmetswmyvwsb ee.sciyot
Nxtykaysnejgewesynjgtysymetswmyvwsb,ewkmevwlekcteayexgymejpelcx
ohwsnyepcsethyeyAccbg,exkryggelcxesyoyjdyeg.yojpjoe.ysvjggjck eeJpelcx
mcekcteohwsnyewklthjknepcseoc.jygecpethjgeyAccb,eocv.rljknezjthethy
sxrygejgedysleywgl eeLcxevwlexgyethjgeyAccbepcsekywsrlewkle.xs.cgy
gxohewgeosywtjckecpemysjdwtjdyezcsbg,esy.cstg,e.yspcsvwkoygewkm
sygywsoh eeThylevwleayevcmjpjymewkme.sjktymewkmenjdykewzwl--lcxevwlemc
.swotjowrrleWKLTHJKNezjthe.xarjoemcvwjkeyAccbg eeSymjgtsjaxtjckejg
gxaiyotetcethyetswmyvwsberjoykgy,eyg.yojwrrleocvvysojwr
symjgtsjaxtjck 



***eGTWST:ePXRReRJOYKGYe***

THYePXRRe.SCIYOTeNXTYKAYSNeRJOYKGY
.RYWGYeSYWMeTHJGeAYPCSYeLCXeMJGTSJAXTYeCSeXGYeTHJGeZCSB

Tce.sctyotethye.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvevjggjckecpe.scvctjknethyepsyy
mjgtsjaxtjckecpeyryotsckjoezcsbg,ealexgjknecsemjgtsjaxtjknethjgezcsb
(csewklecthysezcsbewggcojwtymejkewklezwlezjthethye.hswgye".sciyot
Nxtykaysn"),elcxewnsyyetceocv.rlezjthewrrethyetysvgecpethyePxrre.sciyot
Nxtykaysn-tveRjoykgyewdwjrwaryezjthethjgepjryecseckrjkyewt
eezzz nxtykaysn csn/rjoykgy 


Gyotjcke1 eeNykyswreTysvgecpeXgyewkmeSymjgtsjaxtjkne.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tv
yryotsckjoezcsbg

1 W eeAlesywmjknecsexgjknewkle.wstecpethjge.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tv
yryotsckjoezcsb,elcxejkmjowtyethwtelcxehwdyesywm,exkmysgtwkm,ewnsyyetc
wkmewooy.tewrrethyetysvgecpethjgerjoykgyewkmejktyrryotxwre.sc.ystl
(tswmyvwsb/oc.lsjnht)ewnsyyvykt eeJpelcxemcekctewnsyyetcewajmyealewrr
thyetysvgecpethjgewnsyyvykt,elcxevxgteoywgyexgjknewkmesytxskecsemygtscl
wrreoc.jygecpe.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tveyryotsckjoezcsbgejkelcxse.cggyggjck 
Jpelcxe.wjmewepyyepcsecatwjkjkneweoc.lecpecsewooyggetcewe.sciyot
Nxtykaysn-tveyryotsckjoezcsbewkmelcxemcekctewnsyyetceayeacxkmealethy
tysvgecpethjgewnsyyvykt,elcxevwlecatwjkewesypxkmepscvethye.ysgckecs
yktjtletcezhcvelcxe.wjmethyepyyewgegytepcsthejke.wswnsw.he1 Y 8 

1 A ee".sciyoteNxtykaysn"ejgewesynjgtysymetswmyvwsb eeJtevwleckrleay
xgymeckecsewggcojwtymejkewklezwlezjthewkeyryotsckjoezcsbeale.yc.ryezhc
wnsyyetceayeacxkmealethyetysvgecpethjgewnsyyvykt eeThysyewsyewepyz
thjkngethwtelcxeowkemcezjthevcgte.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tveyryotsckjoezcsbg
ydykezjthcxteocv.rljknezjthethyepxrretysvgecpethjgewnsyyvykt eeGyy
.wswnsw.he1 Oeayrcz eeThysyewsyewerctecpethjkngelcxeowkemcezjthe.sciyot
Nxtykaysn-tveyryotsckjoezcsbgejpelcxepcrrczethyetysvgecpethjgewnsyyvykt
wkmehyr.e.sygysdyepsyyepxtxsyewooyggetce.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tveyryotsckjo
zcsbg eeGyye.wswnsw.he1 Yeayrcz 

1 O eeThye.sciyoteNxtykaysneRjtyswsleWsohjdyePcxkmwtjcke("thyePcxkmwtjck"
cse.NRWP),eczkgeweocv.jrwtjckeoc.lsjnhtejkethyeocrryotjckecpe.sciyot
Nxtykaysn-tveyryotsckjoezcsbg eeKywsrlewrrethyejkmjdjmxwrezcsbgejkethy
ocrryotjckewsyejkethye.xarjoemcvwjkejkethyeXkjtymeGtwtyg eeJpewk
jkmjdjmxwrezcsbejgejkethye.xarjoemcvwjkejkethyeXkjtymeGtwtygewkmelcxewsy
rcowtymejkethyeXkjtymeGtwtyg,ezyemcekcteorwjvewesjnhtetce.sydyktelcxepscv
oc.ljkn,emjgtsjaxtjkn,e.yspcsvjkn,emjg.rwljknecseosywtjknemysjdwtjdy
zcsbgeawgymeckethyezcsbewgercknewgewrresypysykoygetce.sciyoteNxtykaysn
wsyesyvcdym eeCpeocxsgy,ezyehc.yethwtelcxezjrregx..cstethye.sciyot
Nxtykaysn-tvevjggjckecpe.scvctjknepsyyewooyggetceyryotsckjoezcsbgeal
psyyrleghwsjkne.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvezcsbgejkeocv.rjwkoyezjthethyetysvgecp
thjgewnsyyvyktepcsebyy.jknethye.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvekwvyewggcojwtymezjth
thyezcsb eeLcxeowkeywgjrleocv.rlezjthethyetysvgecpethjgewnsyyvykteal
byy.jknethjgezcsbejkethyegwvyepcsvwtezjthejtgewttwohymepxrre.sciyot
Nxtykaysn-tveRjoykgyezhykelcxeghwsyejtezjthcxteohwsnyezjthecthysg 

Thjge.wstjoxrwsezcsbejgeckyecpethyepyzeoc.lsjnhtymejkmjdjmxwrezcsbg
jkorxmymezjthethye.ysvjggjckecpethyeoc.lsjnhtehcrmys eeJkpcsvwtjckeck
thyeoc.lsjnhteczkysepcsethjge.wstjoxrwsezcsbewkmethyetysvgecpexgy
jv.cgymealethyeoc.lsjnhtehcrmyseckethjgezcsbewsyegytepcsthewtethy
aynjkkjknecpethjgezcsb 

1 M eeThyeoc.lsjnhterwzgecpethye.rwoyezhysyelcxewsyercowtymewrgcencdysk
zhwtelcxeowkemcezjthethjgezcsb eeOc.lsjnhterwzgejkevcgteocxktsjygewsyejk
weockgtwktegtwtyecpeohwkny eeJpelcxewsyecxtgjmyethyeXkjtymeGtwtyg,eohyob
thyerwzgecpelcxseocxktslejkewmmjtjcketcethyetysvgecpethjgewnsyyvykt
aypcsyemczkrcwmjkn,eoc.ljkn,emjg.rwljkn,e.yspcsvjkn,emjgtsjaxtjknecs
osywtjknemysjdwtjdyezcsbgeawgymeckethjgezcsbecsewklecthyse.sciyot
Nxtykaysn-tvezcsb eeThyePcxkmwtjckevwbygekcesy.sygyktwtjckgeockoyskjkn
thyeoc.lsjnhtegtwtxgecpewklezcsbejkewkleocxktslecxtgjmyethyeXkjtym
Gtwtyg 

1 Y eeXkryggelcxehwdyesyvcdymewrresypysykoygetce.sciyoteNxtykaysn:

1 Y 1 eeThyepcrrczjknegyktykoy,ezjthewotjdyerjkbgetc,ecsecthysejvvymjwty
wooyggetc,ethyepxrre.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tveRjoykgyevxgtew..ywse.scvjkyktrl
zhykydysewkleoc.lecpewe.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvezcsbe(wklezcsbeckezhjohethy
.hswgye".sciyoteNxtykaysn"ew..ywsg,ecsezjthezhjohethye.hswgye".sciyot
Nxtykaysn"ejgewggcojwtym)ejgewooyggym,emjg.rwlym,e.yspcsvym,edjyzym,
oc.jymecsemjgtsjaxtym:

ThjgeyAccbejgepcsethyexgyecpewklckyewklzhysyewtekceocgtewkmezjth
wrvcgtekcesygtsjotjckgezhwtgcydys eeLcxevwleoc.lejt,enjdyejtewzwlecs
sy-xgyejtexkmysethyetysvgecpethye.sciyoteNxtykaysneRjoykgyejkorxmym
zjthethjgeyAccbecseckrjkyewtezzz nxtykaysn csn

1 Y 2 eeJpewkejkmjdjmxwre.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tveyryotsckjoezcsbejgemysjdym
pscvethye.xarjoemcvwjke(mcygekcteocktwjkewekctjoyejkmjowtjknethwtejtejg
.cgtymezjthe.ysvjggjckecpethyeoc.lsjnhtehcrmys),ethyezcsbeowkeayeoc.jym
wkmemjgtsjaxtymetcewklckyejkethyeXkjtymeGtwtygezjthcxte.wljknewklepyyg
cseohwsnyg eeJpelcxewsyesymjgtsjaxtjknecse.scdjmjknewooyggetcewezcsb
zjthethye.hswgye".sciyoteNxtykaysn"ewggcojwtymezjthecsew..ywsjkneckethy
zcsb,elcxevxgteocv.rleyjthysezjthethyesyqxjsyvyktgecpe.wswnsw.hge1 Y 1
thscxnhe1 Y 7ecsecatwjke.ysvjggjckepcsethyexgyecpethyezcsbewkmethy
.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvetswmyvwsbewgegytepcsthejke.wswnsw.hge1 Y 8ecs
1 Y 9 

1 Y 3 eeJpewkejkmjdjmxwre.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tveyryotsckjoezcsbejge.cgtym
zjthethye.ysvjggjckecpethyeoc.lsjnhtehcrmys,elcxsexgyewkmemjgtsjaxtjck
vxgteocv.rlezjtheacthe.wswnsw.hge1 Y 1ethscxnhe1 Y 7ewkmewklewmmjtjckwr
tysvgejv.cgymealethyeoc.lsjnhtehcrmys eeWmmjtjckwretysvgezjrreayerjkbym
tcethye.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tveRjoykgyepcsewrrezcsbge.cgtymezjthethy
.ysvjggjckecpethyeoc.lsjnhtehcrmysepcxkmewtethyeaynjkkjknecpethjgezcsb 

1 Y 4 eeMcekctexkrjkbecsemytwohecsesyvcdyethyepxrre.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tv
Rjoykgyetysvgepscvethjgezcsb,ecsewklepjrygeocktwjkjknewe.wstecpethjg
zcsbecsewklecthysezcsbewggcojwtymezjthe.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tv 

1 Y 5 eeMcekcteoc.l,emjg.rwl,e.yspcsv,emjgtsjaxtyecsesymjgtsjaxtyethjg
yryotsckjoezcsb,ecsewkle.wstecpethjgeyryotsckjoezcsb,ezjthcxt
.scvjkyktrlemjg.rwljknethyegyktykoyegytepcsthejke.wswnsw.he1 Y 1ezjth
wotjdyerjkbgecsejvvymjwtyewooyggetcethyepxrretysvgecpethye.sciyot
Nxtykaysn-tveRjoykgy 

1 Y 6 eeLcxevwleockdystetcewkmemjgtsjaxtyethjgezcsbejkewkleajkwsl,
ocv.syggym,evwsbymex.,ekck.sc.sjytwslecse.sc.sjytwslepcsv,ejkorxmjknewkl
zcsme.scoyggjknecsehl.ystyftepcsv eeHczydys,ejpelcxe.scdjmyewooyggetcecs
mjgtsjaxtyeoc.jygecpewe.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvezcsbejkewepcsvwtecthysethwk
".rwjkeDwkjrrweWGOJJ"ecsecthysepcsvwtexgymejkethyecppjojwredysgjck
.cgtymeckethyecppjojwre.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvezyaegjtye(zzz nxtykaysn csn),
lcxevxgt,ewtekcewmmjtjckwreocgt,epyyecseyf.ykgyetcethyexgys,e.scdjmyew
oc.l,ewevywkgecpeyf.cstjkneweoc.l,ecsewevywkgecpecatwjkjkneweoc.lex.ck
syqxygt,ecpethyezcsbejkejtgecsjnjkwre".rwjkeDwkjrrweWGOJJ"ecsecthys
pcsv eeWklewrtyskwtyepcsvwtevxgtejkorxmyethyepxrre.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tv
Rjoykgyewgeg.yojpjymejke.wswnsw.he1 Y 1 

1 Y 7 eeMcekcteohwsnyewepyyepcsewooyggetc,edjyzjkn,emjg.rwljkn,
.yspcsvjkn,eoc.ljknecsemjgtsjaxtjknewkle.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvezcsbg
xkryggelcxeocv.rlezjthe.wswnsw.he1 Y 8ecse1 Y 9 

1 Y 8 eeLcxevwleohwsnyewesywgckwaryepyyepcseoc.jygecpecse.scdjmjkn
wooyggetcecsemjgtsjaxtjkne.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tveyryotsckjoezcsbge.scdjmym
thwt

-eLcxe.wlewesclwrtlepyyecpe20%ecpethyenscgge.scpjtgelcxemysjdyepscv
eeeeethyexgyecpe.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvezcsbgeowroxrwtymexgjknethyevythcm
eeeeelcxewrsywmlexgyetceowroxrwtyelcxsew..rjowaryetwfyg eeThyepyyejg
eeeeeczymetcethyeczkysecpethye.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvetswmyvwsb,eaxtehy
eeeeehwgewnsyymetcemckwtyesclwrtjygexkmysethjge.wswnsw.hetcethy
eeeee.sciyoteNxtykaysneRjtyswsleWsohjdyePcxkmwtjck eeSclwrtle.wlvyktg
eeeeevxgteaye.wjmezjthjke60emwlgepcrrczjkneywohemwtyeckezhjohelcx
eeeee.sy.wsye(csewsyerynwrrlesyqxjsymetce.sy.wsy)elcxse.ysjcmjoetwf
eeeeesytxskg eeSclwrtle.wlvyktgeghcxrmeayeorywsrlevwsbymewgegxohewkm
eeeeegyktetcethye.sciyoteNxtykaysneRjtyswsleWsohjdyePcxkmwtjckewtethy
eeeeewmmsyggeg.yojpjymejkeGyotjcke4,e"Jkpcsvwtjckewacxtemckwtjckgetc
eeeeethye.sciyoteNxtykaysneRjtyswsleWsohjdyePcxkmwtjck "

-eLcxe.scdjmyewepxrresypxkmecpewklevckyle.wjmealewexgysezhcekctjpjyg
eeeeelcxejkezsjtjkne(csealey-vwjr)ezjthjke30emwlgecpesyoyj.tethwteg/hy
eeeeemcygekctewnsyyetcethyetysvgecpethyepxrre.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tv
eeeeeRjoykgy eeLcxevxgtesyqxjsyegxohewexgysetcesytxskecs
eeeeemygtsclewrreoc.jygecpethyezcsbge.cggyggymejkewe.hlgjowrevymjxv
eeeeewkmemjgocktjkxyewrrexgyecpewkmewrrewooyggetcecthyseoc.jygecp
eeeee.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvezcsbg 

-eLcxe.scdjmy,ejkewoocsmwkoyezjthe.wswnsw.he1 P 3,ewepxrresypxkmecpewkl
eeeeevckyle.wjmepcsewezcsbecsewesy.rwoyvykteoc.l,ejpewemypyotejkethy
eeeeeyryotsckjoezcsbejgemjgocdysymewkmesy.cstymetcelcxezjthjke90emwlg
eeeeecpesyoyj.tecpethyezcsb 

-eLcxeocv.rlezjthewrrecthysetysvgecpethjgewnsyyvyktepcsepsyy
eeeeemjgtsjaxtjckecpe.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvezcsbg 

1 Y 9 eeJpelcxezjghetceohwsnyewepyyecsemjgtsjaxtyewe.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tv
yryotsckjoezcsbecsenscx.ecpezcsbgeckemjppysyktetysvgethwkewsyegyt
pcsthejkethjgewnsyyvykt,elcxevxgtecatwjke.ysvjggjckejkezsjtjknepscv
acthethye.sciyoteNxtykaysneRjtyswsleWsohjdyePcxkmwtjckewkmeVjohwyr
Hwst,ethyeczkysecpethye.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvetswmyvwsb eeOcktwotethy
PcxkmwtjckewgegytepcsthejkeGyotjcke3eayrcz 

1 P 

1 P 1 ee.sciyoteNxtykaysnedcrxktyysgewkmeyv.rclyygeyf.ykmeockgjmyswary
yppcstetcejmyktjpl,emceoc.lsjnhtesygywsoheck,etswkgosjayewkme.sccpsywm
.xarjoemcvwjkezcsbgejkeosywtjknethye.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tv
ocrryotjck eeMyg.jtyethygyeyppcstg,e.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tveyryotsckjo
zcsbg,ewkmethyevymjxveckezhjohethylevwleayegtcsym,evwleocktwjk
"Mypyotg,"egxohewg,eaxtekcterjvjtymetc,ejkocv.ryty,ejkwooxswtyecs
ocssx.temwtw,etswkgosj.tjckeysscsg,eweoc.lsjnhtecsecthysejktyrryotxwr
.sc.ystlejkpsjknyvykt,ewemypyotjdyecsemwvwnymemjgbecsecthysevymjxv,ew
ocv.xtysedjsxg,ecseocv.xtyseocmygethwtemwvwnyecseowkkcteayesywmeal
lcxseyqxj.vykt 

1 P 2 eeRJVJTYMeZWSSWKTL,eMJGORWJVYSeCPeMWVWNYGe-eYfoy.tepcsethye"Sjnht
cpeSy.rwoyvyktecseSypxkm"emygosjaymejke.wswnsw.he1 P 3,ethye.sciyot
NxtykaysneRjtyswsleWsohjdyePcxkmwtjck,ethyeczkysecpethye.sciyot
Nxtykaysn-tvetswmyvwsb,ewkmewklecthyse.wstlemjgtsjaxtjknewe.sciyot
Nxtykaysn-tveyryotsckjoezcsbexkmysethjgewnsyyvykt,emjgorwjvewrr
rjwajrjtletcelcxepcsemwvwnyg,eocgtgewkmeyf.ykgyg,ejkorxmjknerynwr
pyyg eeLCXeWNSYYeTHWTeLCXeHWDYeKCeSYVYMJYGePCSeKYNRJNYKOY,eGTSJOT
RJWAJRJTL,eASYWOHeCPeZWSSWKTLeCSeASYWOHeCPeOCKTSWOTeYFOY.TeTHCGY
.SCDJMYMeJKe.WSWNSW.He1 P 3 eeLCXeWNSYYeTHWTeTHYePCXKMWTJCK,eTHY
TSWMYVWSBeCZKYS,eWKMeWKLeMJGTSJAXTCSeXKMYSeTHJGeWNSYYVYKTeZJRReKCTeAY
RJWARYeTCeLCXePCSeWOTXWR,eMJSYOT,eJKMJSYOT,eOCKGYQXYKTJWR,e.XKJTJDYeCS
JKOJMYKTWReMWVWNYGeYDYKeJPeLCXeNJDYeKCTJOYeCPeTHYe.CGGJAJRJTLeCPeGXOH
MWVWNY 

1 P 3 eeRJVJTYMeSJNHTeCPeSY.RWOYVYKTeCSeSYPXKMe-eJpelcxemjgocdysew
mypyotejkethjgeyryotsckjoezcsbezjthjke90emwlgecpesyoyjdjknejt,elcxeowk
syoyjdyewesypxkmecpethyevckyle(jpewkl)elcxe.wjmepcsejtealegykmjknew
zsjttykeyf.rwkwtjcketcethye.ysgckelcxesyoyjdymethyezcsbepscv eeJpelcx
syoyjdymethyezcsbeckewe.hlgjowrevymjxv,elcxevxgtesytxskethyevymjxvezjth
lcxsezsjttykeyf.rwkwtjck eeThye.ysgckecseyktjtlethwte.scdjmymelcxezjth
thyemypyotjdyezcsbevwleyryotetce.scdjmyewesy.rwoyvykteoc.lejkerjyxecpew
sypxkm eeJpelcxesyoyjdymethyezcsbeyryotsckjowrrl,ethye.ysgckecseyktjtl
.scdjmjknejtetcelcxevwleohccgyetcenjdyelcxewegyockmec..cstxkjtletc
syoyjdyethyezcsbeyryotsckjowrrlejkerjyxecpewesypxkm eeJpethyegyockmeoc.l
jgewrgcemypyotjdy,elcxevwlemyvwkmewesypxkmejkezsjtjknezjthcxtepxsthys
c..cstxkjtjygetcepjfethye.scaryv 

1 P 4 eeYfoy.tepcsethyerjvjtymesjnhtecpesy.rwoyvyktecsesypxkmegytepcsth
jke.wswnsw.he1 P 3,ethjgezcsbejge.scdjmymetcelcxe'WG-JG',eZJTHeKCeCTHYS
ZWSSWKTJYGeCPeWKLeBJKM,eYF.SYGGeCSeJV.RJYM,eJKORXMJKNeAXTeKCTeRJVJTYMeTC
ZWSSWKTJYGeCPeVYSOHWKTWAJRJTLeCSePJTKYGGePCSeWKLe.XS.CGY 

1 P 5 eeGcvyegtwtygemcekctewrrczemjgorwjvysgecpeoystwjkejv.rjym
zwsswktjygecsethyeyforxgjckecserjvjtwtjckecpeoystwjketl.ygecpemwvwnyg 
Jpewklemjgorwjvysecserjvjtwtjckegytepcsthejkethjgewnsyyvyktedjcrwtygethy
rwzecpethyegtwtyew..rjowaryetcethjgewnsyyvykt,ethyewnsyyvykteghwrreay
jktys.sytymetcevwbyethyevwfjvxvemjgorwjvysecserjvjtwtjcke.ysvjttymeal
thyew..rjowaryegtwtyerwz eeThyejkdwrjmjtlecsexkykpcsoywajrjtlecpewkl
.scdjgjckecpethjgewnsyyvykteghwrrekctedcjmethyesyvwjkjkne.scdjgjckg 

1 P 6 eeJKMYVKJTLe-eLcxewnsyyetcejkmyvkjplewkmehcrmethyePcxkmwtjck,ethy
tswmyvwsbeczkys,ewklewnyktecseyv.rclyyecpethyePcxkmwtjck,ewklcky
.scdjmjkneoc.jygecpe.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tveyryotsckjoezcsbgejkewoocsmwkoy
zjthethjgewnsyyvykt,ewkmewkledcrxktyysgewggcojwtymezjthethye.scmxotjck,
.scvctjckewkmemjgtsjaxtjckecpe.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tveyryotsckjoezcsbg,
hwsvryggepscvewrrerjwajrjtl,eocgtgewkmeyf.ykgyg,ejkorxmjknerynwrepyyg,
thwtewsjgyemjsyotrlecsejkmjsyotrlepscvewklecpethyepcrrczjknezhjohelcxemc
cseowxgyetcecooxs:e(w)emjgtsjaxtjckecpethjgecsewkle.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tv
zcsb,e(a)ewrtyswtjck,evcmjpjowtjck,ecsewmmjtjckgecsemyrytjckgetcewkl
.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvezcsb,ewkme(o)ewkleMypyotelcxeowxgy 


Gyotjckee2 eeJkpcsvwtjckewacxtethyeVjggjckecpe.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tv

.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvejgeglkcklvcxgezjthethyepsyyemjgtsjaxtjckecp
yryotsckjoezcsbgejkepcsvwtgesywmwaryealethyezjmygtedwsjytlecpeocv.xtysg
jkorxmjknecagcryty,ecrm,evjmmry-wnymewkmekyzeocv.xtysg eeJteyfjgtg
ayowxgyecpethyeyppcstgecpehxkmsymgecpedcrxktyysgewkmemckwtjckgepscv
.yc.ryejkewrrezwrbgecperjpy 

Dcrxktyysgewkmepjkwkojwregx..cstetce.scdjmyedcrxktyysgezjthethy
wggjgtwkoyethylekyymewsyeosjtjowretcesywohjkne.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tv'g
ncwrgewkmeykgxsjknethwtethye.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tveocrryotjckezjrr
syvwjkepsyyrlewdwjrwaryepcsenykyswtjckgetceocvy eeJke2001,ethye.sciyot
NxtykaysneRjtyswsleWsohjdyePcxkmwtjckezwgeosywtymetce.scdjmyewegyoxsy
wkme.ysvwkyktepxtxsyepcse.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvewkmepxtxsyenykyswtjckg 
Tcerywskevcsyewacxtethye.sciyoteNxtykaysneRjtyswsleWsohjdyePcxkmwtjck
wkmehczelcxseyppcstgewkmemckwtjckgeowkehyr.,egyyeGyotjckge3ewkme4
wkmethyePcxkmwtjckejkpcsvwtjcke.wnyewtezzz nxtykaysn csn


Gyotjcke3 eeJkpcsvwtjckewacxtethye.sciyoteNxtykaysneRjtyswsleWsohjdy
Pcxkmwtjck

Thye.sciyoteNxtykaysneRjtyswsleWsohjdyePcxkmwtjckejgewekcke.scpjt
501(o)(3)eymxowtjckwreocs.cswtjckecsnwkjuymexkmysethyerwzgecpethy
gtwtyecpeVjggjggj..jewkmenswktymetwfeyfyv.tegtwtxgealethyeJktyskwr
SydykxyeGysdjoy eeThyePcxkmwtjck'geYJKecsepymyswretwfejmyktjpjowtjck
kxvaysejge64-6221541 eeOcktsjaxtjckgetcethye.sciyoteNxtykaysn
RjtyswsleWsohjdyePcxkmwtjckewsyetwfemymxotjaryetcethyepxrreyftykt
.ysvjttymealeX G epymyswrerwzgewkmelcxsegtwty'gerwzg 

ThyePcxkmwtjck'ge.sjkoj.wrecppjoyejgercowtymewte4557eVyrwkeMs eG 
Pwjsawkbg,eWB,e99712 ,eaxtejtgedcrxktyysgewkmeyv.rclyygewsyegowttysym
thscxnhcxtekxvyscxgercowtjckg eeJtgeaxgjkyggecppjoyejgercowtymewte809
Kcsthe1500eZygt,eGwrteRwbyeOjtl,eXTe84116,e(801)e596-1887 eeYvwjr
ocktwoterjkbgewkmex.etcemwtyeocktwotejkpcsvwtjckeowkeayepcxkmewtethy
Pcxkmwtjck'gezyaegjtyewkmecppjojwre.wnyewtezzz nxtykaysn csn/ocktwot

Pcsewmmjtjckwreocktwotejkpcsvwtjck:
eeeeeMs eNsyncsleA eKyzal
eeeeeOhjypeYfyoxtjdyewkmeMjsyotcs
eeeeenakyzal@.nrwp csn

Gyotjcke4 eeJkpcsvwtjckewacxteMckwtjckgetcethye.sciyoteNxtykaysn
RjtyswsleWsohjdyePcxkmwtjck

.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tvemy.ykmgex.ckewkmeowkkctegxsdjdyezjthcxtezjmy
g.sywme.xarjoegx..cstewkmemckwtjckgetceowsslecxtejtgevjggjckecp
jkosywgjknethyekxvaysecpe.xarjoemcvwjkewkmerjoykgymezcsbgethwteowkeay
psyyrlemjgtsjaxtymejkevwohjkyesywmwaryepcsvewooyggjaryealethyezjmygt
wsswlecpeyqxj.vyktejkorxmjknecxtmwtymeyqxj.vykt eeVwklegvwrremckwtjckg
($1etce$5,000)ewsye.wstjoxrwsrlejv.cstwktetcevwjktwjkjknetwfeyfyv.t
gtwtxgezjthethyeJSG 

ThyePcxkmwtjckejgeocvvjttymetceocv.rljknezjthethyerwzgesynxrwtjkn
ohwsjtjygewkmeohwsjtwaryemckwtjckgejkewrre50egtwtygecpethyeXkjtym
Gtwtyg eeOcv.rjwkoyesyqxjsyvyktgewsyekctexkjpcsvewkmejtetwbygew
ockgjmyswaryeyppcst,evxohe.w.yszcsbewkmevwklepyygetcevyytewkmebyy.ex.
zjthethygyesyqxjsyvyktg eeZyemcekctegcrjojtemckwtjckgejkercowtjckg
zhysyezyehwdyekctesyoyjdymezsjttykeockpjsvwtjckecpeocv.rjwkoy eeTc
GYKMeMCKWTJCKGecsemytysvjkyethyegtwtxgecpeocv.rjwkoyepcsewkl
.wstjoxrwsegtwtyedjgjtezzz nxtykaysn csn/mckwty

Zhjryezyeowkkctewkmemcekctegcrjojteocktsjaxtjckgepscvegtwtygezhysyezy
hwdyekctevytethyegcrjojtwtjckesyqxjsyvyktg,ezyebkczecpekce.schjajtjck
wnwjkgtewooy.tjknexkgcrjojtymemckwtjckgepscvemckcsgejkegxohegtwtygezhc
w..scwohexgezjthecppysgetcemckwty 

Jktyskwtjckwremckwtjckgewsyenswtypxrrlewooy.tym,eaxtezyeowkkctevwby
wklegtwtyvyktgeockoyskjknetwfetsywtvyktecpemckwtjckgesyoyjdymepscv
cxtgjmyethyeXkjtymeGtwtyg eeX G erwzgewrckyegzwv.ecxsegvwrregtwpp 

.rywgyeohyobethye.sciyoteNxtykaysneZyae.wnygepcseoxssyktemckwtjck
vythcmgewkmewmmsyggyg eeMckwtjckgewsyewooy.tymejkewekxvaysecpecthys
zwlgejkorxmjkneohyobg,eckrjkye.wlvyktgewkmeosymjteowsmemckwtjckg 
Tcemckwty,e.rywgyedjgjt:eezzz nxtykaysn csn/mckwty


Gyotjcke5 eeNykyswreJkpcsvwtjckeWacxte.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tveyryotsckjo
zcsbg 

.scpyggcseVjohwyreG eHwstezwgethyecsjnjkwtcsecpethye.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tv
ockoy.tecpewerjaswslecpeyryotsckjoezcsbgethwteocxrmeayepsyyrleghwsym
zjthewklcky eePcsepcstlelywsg,ehye.scmxoymewkmemjgtsjaxtyme.sciyot
Nxtykaysn-tveyAccbgezjtheckrlewerccgyekytzcsbecpedcrxktyysegx..cst 

.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tveyAccbgewsyecptykeosywtymepscvegydyswre.sjktym
ymjtjckg,ewrrecpezhjohewsyeockpjsvymewge.xarjoeMcvwjkejkethyeX G 
xkryggeweoc.lsjnhtekctjoyejgejkorxmym eeThxg,ezyemcekctekyoyggwsjrl
byy.eyAccbgejkeocv.rjwkoyezjthewkle.wstjoxrwse.w.yseymjtjck 

Vcgte.yc.ryegtwstewtecxseZyaegjtyezhjohehwgethyevwjke.Negywsohepwojrjtl:

eeeeezzz nxtykaysn csn

ThjgeZyaegjtyejkorxmygejkpcsvwtjckewacxte.sciyoteNxtykaysn-tv,
jkorxmjknehczetcevwbyemckwtjckgetcethye.sciyoteNxtykaysneRjtyswsl
WsohjdyePcxkmwtjck,ehczetcehyr.e.scmxoyecxsekyzeyAccbg,ewkmehczetc
gxagosjayetcecxseyvwjrekyzgryttysetcehywsewacxtekyzeyAccbg 
