RjizFsopiyrzHarikwishzIWoobzodzVekae.zdoszrjizTo.armokzodzVm.mres zYmfjist,zw 
FesbiszJmrr

RjmtziWoobzmtzdoszrjizatizodzek okizek xjisizmkzrjizAkmriczTreritzekczvotr
orjiszfesrtzodzrjizxos.czerzkozyotrzekczxmrjze.votrzkozsitrsmyrmokt
xjertoinisuzz oazve zyof zmr,zhmnizmrzexe zoszsi-atizmrzakciszrjizrisvtzod
rjizFsopiyrzHarikwishz.myiktizmky.aciczxmrjzrjmtziWoobzoszok.mkizer
xxxuharikwishuoshuzzMdz oazesizkorz.oyericzmkzrjizAkmriczTrerit,z oa'..zjeni
rozyjiybzrjiz.extzodzrjizyoakrs zxjisiz oazesiz.oyericzwidosizatmkhzrjmtziwoobu



Rmr.i:zVekae.zdoszrjizTo.armokzodzVm.mres zYmfjist

Earjos:zFesbiszJmrr

Si.ietizCeri:zVe z4,z2015z[IWoobz#48871]

.ekhaehi:zIkh.mtj


***zTRESRzODzRJMTzFSOPIYRzHARIKWISHzIWOOBzVM.MRES zYMFJISTz***




Fsocayiczw zPisoikzJi..mkhvekzekczrjizOk.mkizCmtrsmwaric
FsoodsiecmkhzRievzerzjrrf://xxxufhcfukir/zdoszFsopiyr
Harikwishz(Rjmtzdm.izxetzfsocayiczdsovzmvehitzhikisoat. 
vecizenem.ew.izw zRjizMkriskirzEsyjmni/Evismyekz.mwsesmitu)









zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzVEKAE.
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDOSzRJIzTO.ARMOKzOD
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzVM.MRES zYMFJIST


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzW 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFESBISzJMRR
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYefremkzodzMkdekrs ,zAuzTuzEu


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFSITTzOD
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRJIzESV zTISNMYIzTYJOO.T
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDosrz.ienikxosrj,zBektet

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1916








zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzVEKAE.zDOSzRJIzTO.ARMOK
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzODzVM.MRES zYMFJIST

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzW 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFESBISzJMRR
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYefremkzodzMkdekrs ,zAkmriczTreritzEsv 


MKRSOCAYRMOK


Rjizjmtros zodzxeszriivtzxmrjzoyyetmoktzxjisizrjizmkrisyifrmokzod
cmtferyjitzekczoscistzxsmrrikzmkzf.emkz.ekhaehizjetzsita.riczmk
cidierzekczcmtetriszdoszrjizdosyizxjotizmkrikrmoktzrjatzwiyevizbkoxk
erzokyizrozrjizikiv uzDoszrjmtzsietok,zfsacikrzhikise.tzjenizatic
ymfjiszekczyocizvittehitzdsovzrmvizmvvivosme.uzRjizkiyittmr zdos
ileyrzilfsittmokzodzmcietzfseyrmye.. zily.acitzrjizatizodzyocitzdos
vm.mres zxosbze.rjoahjzmrzmtzfottmw.izrjerzeztfiyme.zreyrmye.zyoci
vmhjrzwizatida.zdoszfsifesermokzodzreyrmye.zoscistu

Mrzmtzkiyittes zrjisidosizrozde..zweybzokzymfjistzdoszhikise.zvm.mres 
xosbzmdztiysiy zodzyovvakmyermokzmtzrozwizdems. zxi..zettasicuzMr
ve zetzxi..zwiztrericzjisizrjerzkozfseyrmyew.izvm.mres zymfjiszmt
verjivermye.. zmkciymfjisew.izmdzmkrisyifric;zrjizvotrzrjerzyekzwi
ilfiyriczmtzrozci.e zdoszez.okhiszosztjosriszrmvizrjizciymfjismkhzod
rjizvittehizw zrjizmkrisyifrosu

Rjizyefrasizodzvittikhistzmtzkoz.okhiszrjizok. zviektzenem.ew.izro
rjizikiv zdoszhemkmkhzmkdosvermokzetzrozrjizf.ektzodzezyovvekcisuzE..
secmozvittehitztikrzoarzyekzwizyofmiczerzjotrm.iztrermoktzxmrjmkzsecmo
sekhiuzMdzrjizikiv zyekzhirzezdmkizxmsizxmrjmkzokizjakcsiczdiirzodze
waqqisz.mkizoszxmrjmkzrjmsr zdiirzodzezri.ihsefjz.mki,zrjizvittehizyek
wizyofmiczw zmkcayrmokuzVittehitzfettmkhzoniszyovvisyme.zri.ihsefj
.mkit,zekczinikzoniszvm.mres z.mkit,zyekzwizyofmiczw ztfmitzmkzrji
oddmyituzOkzri.ihsefjz.mkitzodzezfisvekikrzkerasizmrzmtzfottmw.izro
mktre..zjmhjztfiiczearovermyztikcmkhzekczsiyimnmkhzveyjmkitzekczrjat
fsinikrztassifrmrmoatzyof mkhzodzvittehit,zwarzkorjmkhzwarzeztiyasi
ymfjiszxm..ztisnizxmrjzorjiszviektzodzyovvakmyermoku

Mrzmtzkorze.okizrjizwoc zodzrjizvittehizxjmyjztjoa.czwizmkzymfjisuzMr
mtzigae.. zmvfosrekrzrjer,zcasmkhzrsektvmttmok,zrjizfsievw.i,zf.eyi
dsov,zceri,zeccsittzekcztmhkerasizwizikymfjisic;zwarzrjmtztjoa.c
wizcokizw zrjiztikcmkhzofiseroszekczrjitizfesrtzvatr,zodzyoasti,
wizciymfjisiczw zrjizsiyimnmkhzofiseroszwidosizci.mnis uzEztfiyme.
ofiserost'zymfjisztjoa.czwizaticzdoszrjmtzfasfotizwarzmrzmtzcmddmya.r
rozfsitysmwizokizrjerzxoa.czwiztmvf.izikoahjzdoszrjizenisehizofiseros,
detrzekcz irzsietokew. ztediuzTovizdosvzodzsores zymfjiszveyjmki
xoa.cztiivzrozwizwitrztamriczdoszrjmtztfiyme.zfasfotiu

Mrzmtzakkiyittes zrozfomkrzoarzrjerzezymfjiszxjmyjzyekzwizciymfjisic
w zrjizikiv zmkzezdixzjoastzmtzxostizrjekzati.ittuzMrzsigamsitze
tasfsmtmkh. z.okhzrmvizrozikymfjiszekczciymfjiszezvittehi,zatmkhzinik
rjiztmvf.itrzbmkczodzymfjis,zekczissostzmkzrsektvmttmokzodzymfjis
verriszw zxmsizoszsecmozesizakdosrakeri. zroozyovvoku

Bisybjoddtzjetztrericzrjerzezvm.mres zymfjisztjoa.czda.dm..zrji
do..oxmkhzsigamsivikrt:


zzzz1truzRjizt trivztjoa.czwizverisme.. ,zmdzkorzverjivermye.. ,
zzzzzzzzzmkciymfjisew.iu
zzzz2cuzzMrztjoa.czyeatizkozmkyoknikmikyizmdzrjizeffeseratzekczvirjoct
zzzzzzzzzde..zmkrozrjizjekctzodzrjizikiv u
zzzz3cuzzRjizbi ztjoa.czwiztayjzrjerzmrzyoa.czwizyovvakmyericzekc
zzzzzzzzzsivivwisiczxmrjoarzrjizkiyittmr zodzxsmrrikzkoritzekcztjoa.c
zzzzzzzzzwizyjekhiew.izerzrjizxm..zodzrjizyossitfokcikrtu
zzzz4rjuzRjizt trivztjoa.czwizeff.myew.izrozri.ihsefjmyzyossitfokcikyiu
zzzz5rjuzRjizeffeseratztjoa.czwizietm. zyessmiczekczeztmkh.izfistok
zzzzzzzzztjoa.czwizew.izrozofiserizmru
zzzz6rjuzDmke.. ,zmkznmixzodzrjizymsyavtrekyitzakciszxjmyjzmrzvatr
zzzzzzzzzwizatic,zrjizt trivztjoa.czwizekziet zokizrozofiseri,
zzzzzzzzzcivekcmkhzkimrjiszvikre.ztrsemkzkoszbkox.ichizodzez.okhztismit
zzzzzzzzzodzsa.itu


Ezwsmidzyoktmcisermokzodzrjitiztmlzyokcmrmoktzvatrz.ieczrozrji
yoky.atmokzrjerzrjisizmtzkozfisdiyrzvm.mres zymfjisuzRjizdmstr
sigamsivikrzmtzrjizokizvotrzodrikzonis.oobiczw zrjotizfsitysmwmkh
rjizatizodzek zhmnikzymfjiszekc,zinikzmdzkorzonis.oobic,zrji
mkciymfjisewm.mr zodzek zymfjisz.mbi. zrozwizaticzdoszvm.mres zfasfotit
mtzatae.. znetr. zonisitrmvericzw zrjotizfsitysmwmkhzrjizatizodzmru

Mdzrjmtzxisizkorzrsai,zrjisizxoa.czjenizwiikzkimrjiszverisme.zdos,
koszfasfotizmk,zrjizfsifesermokzodzrjitizkorituzOdzrjizjakcsictzod
eyrae.zymfjiszvittehitzilevmkiczw zrjizxsmris,zerz.ietrzkmki-rikrjt
jenizwiikzto.niczw zrjizvirjoctzrozwiztirzdosrjuzRjitizvittehitzxisi
fsifesiczw zrjizvirjoctzmkzatizw zrjizAkmriczTreritzEsv ,zrjiznesmoat
Vilmyekzesvmitzekczrjimsztiysirzehikrt,zekczw zorjiszvirjoctzmkzyovvok
atiuzRjizatae.zdem.asizjetzwiikzxmrjznis ztjosrzvittehituzDosimhk
xosbtzyokta.ricz.ieczrozrjizwi.midzrjerzvek zIasofiekzfoxistzjeni
atic,zdoszvm.mres zfasfotit,zymfjiszvirjoctzxjmyjznes zdsovzek
ilrsiviztmvf.mymr zrozezyovf.ilmr zxjmyjzmtzvosizeffesikrzrjek
sie.uzXjerziddiyrzsiyikrzinikrtzjenizjeczokzrjmtzverriszsivemktzro
wiztiikuzMrzmtzikoahjzrjerzrjizymfjiszilfisrtzodzfseyrmye.. zinis 
Iasofiekzyoakrs zjenizeffie.iczrozrjizvm.mres zearjosmrmitzodzrjims
sitfiyrmnizyoakrsmitzrmvizekczehemkzrozcozexe zxmrjzrjitizati.itt
ymfjistzekczrozecofrztovirjmkhzxjmyjzoddistzvosiztiyasmr ,zinikzer
rjizilfiktizodzorjiszyoktmcisermoktu

Rjizymfjiszodzrjizeverias,zoszodzrjizkok-ilfisrzxjozvebitzokizaf
dosztoviztfiyme.zfasfoti,zmtze.votrztasizrozde..zmkrozokizodzrji
y.ettitzxjotizto.armokzmtzekziet zverrisuzRjizjavekzvmkczxosbtze.okh
rjizteviz.mkit,zmkztfmrizodzekzerrivfrzerzosmhmke.mr zokzrjizfesrzod
rjizmkcmnmcae.,zekczrjmtzmtzfesrmya.es. zrsaizodzymfjiszxosbzwiyeati
rjisizesiztozdixztoasyitzodzmkdosvermokzenem.ew.iuzMkzorjiszxosct,
rjizenisehizvek,zxjikzjiztmrtzcoxkzrozino.nizezymfjis,zjetzkorjmkh
rozmvfsonizafok;zjizmknikrtzekczrjisizmtzkozokizrozri..zjmvzrjerzjmt
mknikrmokzmt,zmkzfsmkymf.i,zjakcsictzodz iestzo.cuzRjizymfjistzodzrji
Eww√©zRsmrjivi,z1499,zesizrjizwetmtzodzvotrzodzrjizvociskztawtrmrarmok
ymfjistu

Mkznmixzodzrjitizdeyrt,zkozvittehiztjoa.czwizyoktmcisic
mkciymfjisew.iuzNis ztjosrzvittehitzesizodrikznis zcmddmya.rzekczve 
ietm. zwizikrmsi. zwi okczrjizfottmwm.mr zodzeke. tmtzekczto.armok,
warzmrzmtztasfsmtmkhzxjerzyekzwizcoki,zerzrmvit,zxmrjzezvittehizod
ok. zezdixzxosctu

Mkzrjizinikrzodzeyrmnizofisermokt,zymfjiszilfisrtzxm..zwizmkzcivekc
erzokyiuz.mbize..zorjiszilfisrt,zrjizymfjiszilfisrzmtzkorzwoskzos
vecizmkzezce ;zekczmrzmtzok. zyoktrekrzxosbzxmrjzymfjist,zyovwmkic
xmrjzezrjosoahjzbkox.ichizodzrjimszakcis. mkhzfsmkymf.it,zrjerzxm..
vebizokizxosrj zodzrjizkeviu








YJEFRISzM

IGAMFVIKRzDOSzYMFJISzXOSB


Tayyittzmkzcie.mkhzxmrjzakbkoxkzymfjistzmtzvietasiczw zrjitizdoas
rjmkhtzmkzrjizosciszkevic;zfistinisekyi,zyesida.zvirjoctzodzeke. tmt,
mkramrmok,z.aybuzRjizewm.mr zerz.ietrzrozsieczrjiz.ekhaehizodzrji
osmhmke.zrilrzmtznis zcitmsew.izwarzkorzittikrme.u

Ymfjiszxosbzxm..zjeniz.mrr.izfisvekikrzerrseyrmokzdoszokizxjozilfiyrt
sita.rtzerzokyi,zxmrjoarz.ewos,zdoszrjisizmtzeznetrzevoakrzodzfasi. 
soarmkiz.ewoszmkzrjizfsifesermokzodzdsigaiky zrew.it,zrjizsiessekhivikr
odzymfjistzdoszilevmkermok,zekczrjizrsme.zekczdmrrmkhzodz.irriszro
.irriszwidosizrjizvittehizwihmktzrozeffiesu

Rjizvirjoctzodzeke. tmtzhmnikzmkzrjitizkoritzyoniszok. zrjiztmvf.is
nesmirmitzodzymfjiszekczmrzmt,zodzyoasti,zmvfottmw.izrozikaviserize..
rjiznesmirmitzodzrjitiuzMrzmtzwi.miniczrjerzrjizvirjoctz.emczcoxkzesi
toakczekcztinise.z iestzodztayyittda.zxosbze.okhzrjmtz.mkizxoa.cztiiv
rozyokdmsvzrjmtzwi.miduzDoszvosizecnekyiczxosbzrjisizmtzkozsiyoasti
warzroztrac zrjizIasofiekzearjosmrmitzxjotizxsmrmkhtzesizvotr. zmk
Dsikyj,zHisvek,zekczMre.mekzekc,zakdosrakeri. ,zesizsesi. zenem.ew.i
mkzIkh.mtjzrsekt.ermoktu

Akciszmkramrmokzvatrzwizmky.aciczezbkox.ichizodzrjizhikise.ztmraermok
ekc,zmdzfottmw.i,zrjiztfiyme.ztmraermokzxjmyjz.iczrozrjiztikcmkh
odzrjizymfjiszvittehiuzRjizbkox.ichizoszhaittzrjerzezyisremkzymfjis
vittehizyokremktzezfesrmya.eszxosc,zodrikz.iectzrozmrtzto.armoku

Etzroz.ayb,zrjisizmtzrjizo.czvmkis'tzfsonisw:z"Ho.czmtzxjisiz oa
dmkczmru"

Rjizigamfvikrzdoszekzoddmyi,zxjisizvayjzymfjiszxosbzmtzjekc.ic,
xm..zkoxzwizyoktmcisicuzRjizyetae.zxosbiszxmrjzymfjistzyekzhirze.okh
xmrjzvayjz.itt,zwarzrjizvirjoctzodzdm.mkhzekczbiifmkhzezsiyosczodze..
vittehitztracmicztjoa.czwizdo..oxiczxjisiniszfottmw.iuzRjizmkrisyjekhi
odzsita.rtzwirxiikzmkcmnmcae.tzekczwirxiikzoddmyitztjoa.czwizikyoasehic
ekc,zmkzrmvizodzeyrmnizofisermokt,ztjoa.czwizvekceros uzEkzikiv 
ve zwizatmkhzrjiztevizymfjiszmkzxmci. ztifesericzfesrtzodzrjizqoki
odzofisermoktzekczmrzmtzati.ittz.ewoszrozjenizvek zymfjiszoddmyit
xosbmkhzokzmkrisyifriczvittehit,ze..zmkzrjiztevizymfjis,zxjikzoki
oddmyizve zjenizrjizto.armokzrjerzxm..zeff. zroze..zodzrjivu

Ymfjiszxosbzsigamsitzyokyikrsermokzekczgamirzekczodrikzvatrzfsoyiic
xmrjoarzsihesczrozjoastuzRjizoddmyiztjoa.czwizyjotikzxmrjzrjitizfomkrt
mkzvmkcuzEzy.ismye.zdosyizmtzcitmsew.izekczinikzkiyittes zmdzrjisi
mtzvayjzxosbzrozcouzRjizy.isbzoszy.isbtzyekztookzwizrsemkiczrozco
rjizsoarmkizfesrzodzrjizeke. tmtu

Mrzmtzwi.miniczrjerzieyjzDmi.czEsv ztjoa.czjeniztayjzekzoddmyi
xjisize..zymfjistzmkrisyifriczw zdosyitzakciszyovvekczodzrjizDmi.c
Esv zYovvekcisztjoa.czwiztikrzerzokyizdoszilevmkermokuzRjmtzxosb
kerase.. zde..tzrozrjizMkri..mhikyiztiyrmokzodzrjizHikise.zTreddzer
rjmtzjiecgaesristuzEztfiyme.zsecmoztrermok,zxmrjzsiyimnmkhzmktrsavikrt
ok. ,ztjoa.czwizekzecpakyrzrozrjmtzoddmyizekczmrtzdakyrmokztjoa.c
wizrozyof ze..zjotrm.izsecmozvittehitzxjirjiszmkzymfjiszoszf.emk
rilruzTayjzezsecmoztrermokzsigamsitzwarzeztve..zekrikke;zokizodzrji
feybztirzr fizoszek zeverias'tzekrikkezmtztaddmymikr,zekczrjiztrermok
mktrsavikrtzyekzwizietm. zyessmiczmkzeztamrzyetiuzRjsiizrjosoahj. 
yovfirikrzofiserostztjoa.czwizfsonmcic,ztozrjerzrjiztrermokzyekzwi
".mtrikmkhzmk"zcasmkhzrjizikrmsizrxikr -doaszjoastu

Rjizoddmyiztjoa.czwizfsonmciczxmrjzrew.itzodzdsigaiky zodzrjiz.ekhaehi
odzrjizikiv ,zyonismkhztmkh.iz.irristzekczcmhsefjt;zezcmyrmokes zekc
hsevveszodzrjerz.ekhaehi;zyofmitzodzrjizXeszCifesrvikrzYoci,zXitrisk
AkmokzYocizekczek zorjiszenem.ew.izokit;zr fitzodzeffeseratzos,zer
.ietr,zcerezokzeffeseratzekczymfjiszvirjoctzmkzatizw zrjizikiv ;zekc
eztedizdm.mkhzyewmkirzekczyesczmkcilzdoszdm.mkhzvittehitzilevmkicuzE
r fixsmriszmtze.tozcitmsew.iu

Rjizoddmyizxosbzokzezymfjiszakciszilevmkermokztjoa.czwizcokizokzfefis
odzeztrekcesczekczakmdosvztmqiuzFsmkriczdosvtzyokremkmkhzrxikr -tml
sa.icz.mkitzekczeznisrmye.ze.fjewirzesizyoknikmikrzekcztenizrmvizmk
fsifesermokzodzdsigaiky zrew.ituzEk zkixzymfjiszvirjoctzxjmyjzesi
doakczrozwizmkzatizw zrjizikiv ztjoa.c,zxjikzto.nic,zwizyovvakmyeric
roze..ztmvm.eszoddmyitzmkzrjizEsv zdoszrjimszmkdosvermoku

Ak.ittzekzikiv zxisizilyiicmkh. znmhm.ekrzekczyjekhiczbi tzekczvirjoct
dsigaikr. ,ztayjzekzoddmyizxoa.c,zmkzezdixzce t,zwizmkzezfotmrmok
rozcmty.otizyovf.iri. ze..zmkrisyifriczymfjiszyovvakmyermoktzodzrji
ikiv zxmrjzfseyrmye.. zkozci.e u








YJEFRISzMM

FSMKYMF.ITzODzVIYJEKMTVzODzEzXSMRRIKz.EKHAEHI


Xmrjzezdixzilyifrmokt,zkorew. zYjmkiti,ze..zvociskz.ekhaehitzesi
yoktrsayriczodzxosctzxjmyjzmkzraskzesizdosviczdsovz.irristuzMkzek 
hmnikz.ekhaehizrjizkavwiszodz.irrist,zekczrjimszyoknikrmoke.zosciszmt
dmlicuzRjatzIkh.mtjzmtzxsmrrikzxmrjz26z.irristzekczrjimszyoknikrmoke.
osciszmtzE,zW,zY,zC,zI,ziryuzToviz.irristzesizaticznis zdsigaikr. zekc
orjistzsesi. uzMkzdeyr,zmdzrikzrjoatekczyoktiyarmniz.irristzodzezrilr
wizyoakriczekczrjizdsigaiky zodzoyyassikyizodzieyjz.irriszwizkoric,
rjizkavwistzdoakczxm..zwizfseyrmye.. zmcikrmye.zxmrjzrjotizowremkic
dsovzek zorjiszrilrzodzrikzrjoatekcz.irristzmkzrjizteviz.ekhaehiuzRji
si.ermnizfsofosrmokzodzoyyassikyizodzrjiznesmoatz.irristzxm..ze.to
jo.czeffsolmveri. zdoszinikznis ztjosrzrilrtu

Tayjzezyoakrzodzez.eshizkavwiszodz.irrist,zxjikzmrzmtzfarzmkzrjizdosv
odzezrew.i,zmtzbkoxkzetzezdsigaiky zrew.iuzInis z.ekhaehizjetzmrtzoxk
cmtrmkyrmnizdsigaiky zrew.izekc,zdoszek zhmnikz.ekhaehi,zrjizdsigaiky 
rew.izmtze.votrzetzdmliczetzrjize.fjewiruzRjisizesizvmkoszcmddisikyit
mkzdsigaiky zrew.itzfsifesiczdsovzrilrtzokztfiyme.ztawpiyrtuzDos
ilevf.i,zmdzrjizrilrzwizkixtfefiszverris,zrjizdsigaiky zrew.izxm..
cmddiszt.mhjr. zdsovzokizfsifesiczdsovzvm.mres zoscistzekczxm..ze.to
cmddiszt.mhjr. zdsovzokizfsifesiczdsovzri.ihsefjzvittehituzWarzrjiti
cmddisikyitzesiznis zt.mhjrzetzyovfesiczxmrjzrjizcmddisikyitzwirxiik
rjizdsigaiky zrew.itzodzrxozcmddisikrz.ekhaehitu

Ehemkzrjisizmtzezdmliczsermozodzoyyassikyizodzinis z.irriszxmrjzinis 
orjiszdoszek z.ekhaehizekczrjmt,zfarzmkzrew.izdosv,zyoktrmraritze
rew.izodzdsigaiky zodzcmhsefjtuzMkzrjiztevizxe zezrew.izodzrsmhsefjt,
tjoxmkhzrjizsermozodzoyyassikyizodzek zrjsiiz.irristzmkztigaikyi,
yoa.czwizfsifesic,zwarztayjzezrew.izxoa.czwiznis zilriktmnizekcze
yoakrzodzrjizvosizyovvokzrjsiiz.irriszyovwmkermoktzmtzatae.. zaticu

Orjiszrew.it,ztayjzetzdsigaiky zodzmkmrme.zekczdmke.z.irristzodzxosct,
vmhjrzwizodzne.aizwarzrjizyovvokzfseyrmyizmtzrozfarzymfjiszrilrzmkro
hsoaftzodzdmnizoszrikz.irristzieyjzekczi.mvmkerizxosczdosvtuzRjmtzmt
e.votrzezkiyittmr zmkzri.ihsefjmyzekczsecmozyovvakmyermokzrozikew.i
rjizsiyimnmkhzofiseroszrozyjiybzyossiyrzsiyimfrzodzezvittehiuzJi
vatrzhirzdmniz.irrist,zkimrjiszvosizkosz.itt,zfiszxosczoszjizmt
tasizezvmtrebizjetzwiikzveciuzRjisizmtz.mrr.izcmddmya.r ,zetzezsa.i,
mkzsitrosmkhzxosczdosvtzmkzrjizciymfjisiczvittehiu

Xizxm..zkoxzrebizaf,zmkzoscis,zrjiznesmoatzdsigaiky zrew.itzekc
.mkhamtrmyzfiya.mesmrmitzodzIkh.mtjzekczTfekmtjuzDsigaiky zrew.it
doszDsikyj,zHisvek,zekczMre.mekzdosztmkh.iz.irristzxm..zdo..oxuzE..
dsigaiky zrew.itzjenizwiikzsi-ye.ya.ericzdsovzerz.ietrzrikzrjoatekc
.irristzodzrilrzekczyovfesiczxmrjzilmtrmkhzrew.ituzKozvesbiczcmddisikyi
jetzwiikzdoakczmkzek zyetizwirxiikzrjizsi-ye.ya.ericzrew.itzekczrjoti
e.siec zmkzatiu




CerezdoszTo.armokzodzYmfjistzmkzIkh.mtj

Rew.izMu--Kosve.zdsigaiky zrew.iuzDsigaiky zdoszrikzrjoatekcz.irrist
ekczdoszrxozjakcsicz.irristuzRjmtz.erriszmtzfarzmkzhsefjmyzdosvzekczmt
kiyittesm. zekzeffsolmvermokuzRebikzdsovzvm.mres zoscistzekczsifosrt,
Ikh.mtjzrilru


zzzzzzzzzzzzz10,000z.irristzzzzzzzz200z.irrist

zzzzzzzzzEzzzzzzzzzzzzzz778zzzzzzzz16zzz1111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzWzzzzzzzzzzzzzz141zzzzzzzzz3zzz111
zzzzzzzzzYzzzzzzzzzzzzzz296zzzzzzzzz6zzz111111
zzzzzzzzzCzzzzzzzzzzzzzz402zzzzzzzzz8zzz11111111
zzzzzzzzzIzzzzzzzzzzzzz1277zzzzzzzz26zzz11111111111111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzDzzzzzzzzzzzzzz197zzzzzzzzz4zzz1111
zzzzzzzzzHzzzzzzzzzzzzzz174zzzzzzzzz3zzz111
zzzzzzzzzJzzzzzzzzzzzzzz595zzzzzzzz12zzz111111111111
zzzzzzzzzMzzzzzzzzzzzzzz667zzzzzzzz13zzz1111111111111
zzzzzzzzzPzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz51zzzzzzzzz1zzz1
zzzzzzzzzBzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz74zzzzzzzzz2zzz11
zzzzzzzzz.zzzzzzzzzzzzzz372zzzzzzzzz7zzz1111111
zzzzzzzzzVzzzzzzzzzzzzzz288zzzzzzzzz6zzz111111
zzzzzzzzzKzzzzzzzzzzzzzz686zzzzzzzz14zzz11111111111111
zzzzzzzzzOzzzzzzzzzzzzzz807zzzzzzzz16zzz1111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzFzzzzzzzzzzzzzz223zzzzzzzzz4zzz1111
zzzzzzzzzGzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz8
zzzzzzzzzSzzzzzzzzzzzzzz651zzzzzzzz13zzz1111111111111
zzzzzzzzzTzzzzzzzzzzzzzz622zzzzzzzz12zzz111111111111
zzzzzzzzzRzzzzzzzzzzzzzz855zzzzzzzz17zzz11111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzAzzzzzzzzzzzzzz308zzzzzzzzz6zzz111111
zzzzzzzzzNzzzzzzzzzzzzzz112zzzzzzzzz2zzz11
zzzzzzzzzXzzzzzzzzzzzzzz176zzzzzzzzz3zzz111
zzzzzzzzzLzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz27
zzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzz196zzzzzzzzz4zzz1111
zzzzzzzzzQzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz17

Noxi.tzEIMOAz=z38u37%;zyoktokekrtz.KSTRz=z31u86%;zyoktokekrtzPBGLQ
=z1u77%u

Rjiznoxi.tzve zwiztedi. zrebikzetz40%,zyoktokekrtz.KSTRzetz30%zekc
yoktokekrtzPBGLQzetz2%u

Osciszodz.irrist:zIzRzOzEzKzMzSzTzJzCz.zAzYzVzFzDz zXzHzWzNzBzPzLzQzGu



Rew.izMMu--Dsigaiky zrew.izdoszri.ihsefjzvittehit,zIkh.mtjzrilruzRjmt
rew.iznesmitzt.mhjr. zdsovzrjiztrekcesczdsigaiky zrew.izwiyeatizrji
yovvokzxoscz"rji"zmtzsesi. zaticzmkzri.ihsevtzekczrjisizmtzezrikciky 
rozatiz.okhiszekcz.ittzyovvokzxosctzmkzfsifesmkhzri.ihsefjzvittehitu


zzzzzzzzzzzzz10,000z.irristzzzzzzzz200z.irrist

zzzzzzzzzEzzzzzzzzzzzzzz813zzzzzzzz16zzz1111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzWzzzzzzzzzzzzzz149zzzzzzzzz3zzz111
zzzzzzzzzYzzzzzzzzzzzzzz306zzzzzzzzz6zzz111111
zzzzzzzzzCzzzzzzzzzzzzzz417zzzzzzzzz8zzz11111111
zzzzzzzzzIzzzzzzzzzzzzz1319zzzzzzzz26zzz11111111111111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzDzzzzzzzzzzzzzz205zzzzzzzzz4zzz1111
zzzzzzzzzHzzzzzzzzzzzzzz201zzzzzzzzz4zzz1111
zzzzzzzzzJzzzzzzzzzzzzzz386zzzzzzzzz8zzz11111111
zzzzzzzzzMzzzzzzzzzzzzzz711zzzzzzzz14zzz11111111111111
zzzzzzzzzPzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz42zzzzzzzzz1zzz1
zzzzzzzzzBzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz88zzzzzzzzz2zzz11
zzzzzzzzz.zzzzzzzzzzzzzz392zzzzzzzzz8zzz11111111
zzzzzzzzzVzzzzzzzzzzzzzz273zzzzzzzzz6zzz111111
zzzzzzzzzKzzzzzzzzzzzzzz718zzzzzzzz14zzz11111111111111
zzzzzzzzzOzzzzzzzzzzzzzz844zzzzzzzz17zzz11111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzFzzzzzzzzzzzzzz243zzzzzzzzz5zzz11111
zzzzzzzzzGzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz38zzzzzzzzz1zzz1
zzzzzzzzzSzzzzzzzzzzzzzz677zzzzzzzz14zzz11111111111111
zzzzzzzzzTzzzzzzzzzzzzzz656zzzzzzzz13zzz1111111111111
zzzzzzzzzRzzzzzzzzzzzzzz634zzzzzzzz13zzz1111111111111
zzzzzzzzzAzzzzzzzzzzzzzz321zzzzzzzzz6zzz111111
zzzzzzzzzNzzzzzzzzzzzzzz136zzzzzzzzz3zzz111
zzzzzzzzzXzzzzzzzzzzzzzz166zzzzzzzzz3zzz111
zzzzzzzzzLzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz51zzzzzzzzz1zzz1
zzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzz208zzzzzzzzz4zzz1111
zzzzzzzzzQzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz6


Mkzrjmtzrew.izrjiznoxi.tzEIMOAz=z40u08%,zyoktokekrtz.KSTRz=z30u77%
ekczyoktokekrtzPBGLQz=z2u25%u

Oscistzodz.irrist:zIzOzEzKzMzSzTzRzCz.zJzAzYzVzFz zDzHzXzWzNzBzLzPzGzQu



Rew.izMMMu--Rew.izodzdsigaiky zodzcmhsefjt,zcae.tzoszfemst
(Ikh.mtj)uzRjmtzrew.izxetzfsifesiczdsovz20,000z.irrist,zwarzrji
dmhasitztjoxkzesizokzrjizwetmtzodz2,000z.irristuzDoszrjmtzsietok
rji zesi,zrozezyisremkzilrikr,zeffsolmveri;zrjerzmt,zvisi. zwiyeati
kozdmhasitzesiztjoxkzdoszyisremkzyovwmkermokt,zxiztjoa.czkorzettavi
rjerztayjzyovwmkermoktzkiniszoyyaszwarzserjiszrjerzrji zesizsesiuzRji
.irristzmkzrjizjosmqokre.z.mkizerzrjizrofzekczworrovzesizrjiz.iecmkh
.irrist;zrjotizmkzrjiznisrmye.zyo.avktzerzrjiztmcitzesizrjizdo..oxmkh
.irristuzRjatzmkzrxozrjoatekcz.irristzxizve zilfiyrzrozdmkczEJzokyi
ekczJEzrxikr -tmlzrmvitu


zzzzEzzzWzzzYzzzCzzzIzzzDzzzHzzzJzzzMzzzPzzzBzzz.zzzVzzzKzzzOzzzFzzzGzzzSzzzTzzzRzzzAzzzNzzzXzzzLzzz zzzQ

Ezzzzzzzz1zzz7zz10zz22zz3zzz2zzz26zzz4zz2zzz2zzzz7zzz8zz11zzz2zz9zzzzzzz13zz12zzz9zzzzzzz2zz4zzz1zzz12
Wzzzz5zzzzzzzzzzz1zzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzz1zzz1zzz1zzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzz1zzz3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1
Yzzzz6zzzzzzz1zzz1zz14zz2zzzzzzzzzzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz11zzz3zzzzzzzzzzz2zzz3zzz1zzz1zzzzzz1zzzzzzzz1
Czzzz6zzzzzzzzzz12zz30zz1zzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzz4zzzzzz30zzz1zzzzzzzzzzz4zzz1zzz1zzz1zzzzzz1zzzzzzzz3
Izzzzzzz11zz14zz16zz12zz2zzz6zzz33zz10zz2zzz6zzz18zz14zz12zzz1zz7zzzzzzz36zz11zz12zzz2zz16zz5zzzzzzzz1zz1
Dzzzz3zzzzzzzzzzz2zzz8zz2zzz1zzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzz2zzz1zzz3zz25zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzz1zzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1
Hzzzz4zzzzzzzzzzz1zzz3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz11zzz2zzzzzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1
Jzzzz1zzzzzz11zzz2zzz4zz1zzz4zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzz2zzz1zz1zzzzzzzz2zz10zz50zzzzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzz2
Mzzzz2zzz1zzz4zz12zzz6zz5zzz1zzz12zzz1zzzzzz5zzzz9zzz8zz12zzz1zz3zzzzzzz12zz13zz22zzz2zzz3zz6zzzzzzzz1zz1
Pzzzzzzzz1
Bzzzz1zzzzzzz1zzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzz1zzzzzzz1
.zzz14zzz6zzz2zzz1zzz6zz1zzz1zzzz1zzz6zzzzzzzzzzz9zzzzzzz3zzz6zz3zzzzzzzz3zzz2zzz3zzz5
Vzzzz7zzzzzzzzzzz3zz13zz2zzzzzzzz2zzz3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzz1zz10zzzzzzzzzzz4zzz1zzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2
Kzzz38zzzzzzzzzzz3zz25zzzzzz2zzzz1zz31zzzzzz3zzzzzzzz2zzz2zz39zzzzzzzzzzz4zzz3zzzzzz11zzzzzz2
Ozzzz1zzz1zz12zzz4zzz8zz8zzz3zzz12zz18zz2zzzzzzzz4zzz7zzz8zzz3zz7zzzzzzz13zz15zz22zzzzzzz2zz6zzz1zzzz5
Fzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzz1zzz8zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzz2zzz4zzz2zzz3zz2zzzzzzzz1zzz8zzz1zzz4zzzzzzzzzz3zzzz1
Gzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1
Szzz16zzz1zzz3zzz3zz40zz3zzz6zzzz2zzz6zzzzzzzzzzz1zzz2zzz1zz25zz8zzzzzzzz2zzz2zzz8zz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2
Tzzz16zzz1zzzzzzz3zz25zz1zzz2zzzzzzz17zzzzzz1zzzz2zzz1zz12zzz7zz2zzzzzzzz9zz11zzz6zz11zzzzzz1zzzzzzzz6
Rzzz25zzz1zzz3zz12zz13zz5zzz2zzzz3zz20zzzzzzzzzzz2zzz1zz24zzz8zz2zzzzzzz16zz20zz11zzz6zzzzzz2zzz2zzzz7
Azzzz1zzz2zzz1zzz6zzz1zz3zzz2zzzz2zzzzzz3zzzzzzzz3zzz1zzzzzz17zz1zzz5zzzz3zzz5zzz5zzzzzzzzzzzzzz1
Nzzzz3zzz1zzzzzzzzzzz5zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzz5zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1
Xzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzz2zzz8zzzzzz1zzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzz1zzz2zzz4zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzz3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3
Lzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1
 zzzz3zzz2zzzzzzz2zzz4zzzzzz1zzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz8zzz1zzz2zzzzzz1zzzzzzzz3zzz1zzz7
Qzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1

zzzzEzzzWzzzYzzzCzzzIzzzDzzzHzzzJzzzMzzzPzzzBzzz.zzzVzzzKzzzOzzzFzzzGzzzSzzzTzzzRzzzAzzzNzzzXzzzLzzz zzzQ



Rew.izMNu--Osciszodzdsigaiky zodzyovvokzfemstzrozwizilfiyriczmkzezyoakr
odz2,000z.irristzodzvm.mres zosztivm-vm.mres zIkh.mtjzrilruz(Wetic
okzezyoakrzodz20,000z.irrist)u


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRJzzz50zzzERzzz25zzzTRzzz20
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzISzzz40zzzIKzzz25zzzMOzzz18
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOKzzz39zzzITzzz25zzz.Izzz18
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEKzzz38zzzODzzz25zzzMTzzz17
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSIzzz36zzzOSzzz25zzzOAzzz17
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJIzzz33zzzKRzzz24zzzESzzz16
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMKzzz31zzzIEzzz22zzzETzzz16
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzICzzz30zzzRMzzz22zzzCIzzz16
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKCzzz30zzzROzzz22zzzSRzzz16
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJEzzz26zzzMRzzz20zzzNIzzz16



Rew.izNu--Rew.izodzsiyassikyizodzhsoaftzodzrjsiiz.irristzrozwizilfiyric
mkzezyoakrzodz10,000z.irristzodzIkh.mtjzrilru


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRJIzzz89zzzRMOzzz33zzzICRzzz27
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEKCzzz54zzzDOSzzz33zzzRMTzzz25
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRJEzzz47zzzKCIzzz31zzzODRzzz23
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIKRzzz39zzzJETzzz28zzzTRJzzz21
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMOKzzz36zzzKYIzzz27zzzVIKzzz20



Rew.izNMu--Rew.izodzdsigaiky zodzoyyassikyizodz.irristzetzmkmrme.t
ekczdmke.tzodzIkh.mtjzxosctuzWeticzokzezyoakrzodz4,000zxosct;zrjmt
rew.izhmnitzrjizdmhasitzdoszekzenisehiz100zxosctzekczmtzkiyittesm. 
ekzeffsolmvermok,z.mbizRew.izMMMuzIkh.mtjzxosctzesizcismniczdsovzto
vek ztoasyitzrjerzmrzmtzkorzmvfottmw.izdoszek z.irriszrozoyyaszetzek
mkmrme.zoszdmke.zodzezxosc,ze.rjoahjzG,zLzekczQzesizsesizetzmkmrme.t
ekczW,zM,zP,zG,zN,zLzekczQzesizsesizetzdmke.tu


.irristzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQ
Mkmrme.zz9zz6zz6zz5zz2zz4zz2zz3zz3zz1zz1zz2zz4zz2z10zz2zz-zz4zz5z17zz2zz-zz7zz-zz3zz-
Dmke.zzzz1zz-zz-z10z17zz6zz4zz2zz-zz-zz1zz6zz1zz9zz4zz1zz-zz8zz9z11zz1zz-zz1zz-zz8zz-


Mrzmtzfseyrmye.. zmvfottmw.izrozdmkczdmnizyoktiyarmniz.irristzmkzek
Ikh.mtjzrilrzxmrjoarzeznoxi.zekczxizve zilfiyrzdsovzokizrozrjsiizxmrj
rxozetzrjizhikise.zenisehiuzMkzek zrxikr z.irristzxizve zilfiyrzro
dmkczdsovz6zroz9znoxi.tzxmrjz8zetzekzenisehiuzEvokhzrjivti.nitzrji
si.ermnizdsigaiky zodzoyyassikyizodzieyjzodzrjiznoxi.t,z(mky.acmkh
 zxjikzeznoxi.)zmtzetzdo..oxt:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzE,zzz19u5%zzzI,zzz32u0%zzzM,zzz16u7%
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzO,zzz20u2%zzzA,zzz8u0%zzzz ,zzz3u6%


Rjizdosihomkhzrew.itzhmnize..zrjizittikrme.zdeyrtzewoarzrjizviyjekmtv
odzrjizIkh.mtjz.ekhaehizdsovzrjiztrekcfomkrzodzrjizto.armokzod
ymfjistuzRjizatizrozwizvecizodzrjitizrew.itzxm..zwizinmcikrzxjikzrji
to.armokzodzcmddisikrzr fitzodzymfjistzmtzrebikzafu




CerezdoszrjizTo.armokzodzYmfjistzmkzTfekmtj

RjizTfekmtjz.ekhaehizmtzxsmrrikzxmrjzrjizdo..oxmkhze.fjewir:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzzWzzYzzYJzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzz.zz..
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzVzzKzz√ëzzOzzFzzGzzSzzSSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzLzz zzQ


xjm.izrjizileyrztiktizodrikzcifikctzafokzrjizatizodzeyyikrtzoniszrji
noxi.tuzJoxinis,zmkzymfjiszxosbzmrzmtzilyiicmkh. zmkyoknikmikrzrozati
rjizfisvekikrzcmhsefjt,zYJ,z..zekczSSzekczrji zcozkorzeffieszetztayjzmk
ek ztfiymviktzodzTfekmtjzoszVilmyekzymfjiszilevmkicuzEyyikricznoxi.t
ekcz√ëzesize.tozkorzdoakczekczxizve ,zmkzhikise.,zte zrjerzezymfjis
xjotizrilrzmtzTfekmtjzxm..zwizfsifesiczxmrjzrjizdo..oxmkhze.fjewir:


zzzzzzzzzzzzEzWzYzCzIzDzHzJzMzPz.zVzKzOzFzGzSzTzRzAzNzLz zQ


ekczrjizsiyimniszvatrztaff. zrjizeyyikrtzekczrjizrm.cizoniszrjizKzro
yokdosvzrozrjizhikise.ztiktiu

Joxinis,zvek zVilmyekzymfjisze.fjewirtzyokremkzrjiz.irristzBzekc
XuzRjmtzmtzfesrmya.es. zrsaizodzrjizymfjistzmkzatizw ztiysirztisnmyi
ehikrtzxjozvatrzwizfsifesiczrozjekc.izxosctz.mbizKIXz OSB,zXM.TOK
ekczXETJMKHROKuzRjiz.irristzBzekczXzxm..,zjoxinis,zjenizezkih.mhmw.i
dsigaiky zilyifrzmkztjosrzvittehitzxjisizxosctz.mbizrjitizoyyaszvosi
rjekzokyiu

Mkzrjmtzyokkiyrmok,zmdzezymfjiszyokremktzVilmyekzhiohsefjmye.zkevit
.mbizYJMJAEJAE,zVILMYO,zVAQGAMQ,zrjiz.irristzJ,zLzekczQzxm..zjenize
tovixjerzilehhisericzdsigaiky u

MkzTfekmtj,zrjiz.irriszGzmtze.xe tzdo..oxiczw zAzekczrjizAzmtze.xe t
do..oxiczw zokizodzrjizorjisznoxi.t,zE,zI,zMzoszOuzEtzGAIzoszGAM
oyyastzkorzmkdsigaikr. zmkzTfekmtjzrilr,zfesrmya.es. zmkzri.ihsefjmy
yossitfokcikyi,zmrzmtzxi..zxosrjzkormkhzrjer,zmdzezGzoyyastzmkze
rsektfotmrmokzymfjis,zxizvatrzyokkiyrzmrzxmrjzAzekczekorjisznoxi.uzRji
y.aizroztinise.zrsektfotmrmokzymfjistzjetzwiikzdoakczdsovzrjmtztmvf.i
si.ermoku


Rew.izNMMu--Kosve.zdsigaiky zrew.izdoszvm.mres zoscistzekczsifosrt,
ye.ya.ericzokzezwetmtzodz10,000z.irristzodzTfekmtjzrilruzRjizhsefjmy
dosvzmtzokzezwetmtzodz200z.irristu


zzzzzzzz10,000z.irristzzz200z.irrist

zzzzEzzzzzzzzzzzzz1352zzzzzzzzzzzz27zzzz111111111111111111111111111
zzzzWzzzzzzzzzzzzzz102zzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzz11
zzzzYzzzzzzzzzzzzzz474zzzzzzzzzzzzz9zzzz111111111
zzzzCzzzzzzzzzzzzzz524zzzzzzzzzzzz10zzzz1111111111
zzzzIzzzzzzzzzzzzz1402zzzzzzzzzzzz28zzzz1111111111111111111111111111
zzzzDzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz91zzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzz11
zzzzHzzzzzzzzzzzzzz137zzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzz111
zzzzJzzzzzzzzzzzzzz102zzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzz11
zzzzMzzzzzzzzzzzzzz606zzzzzzzzzzzz12zzzz111111111111
zzzzPzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz41zzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzz1
zzzz.zzzzzzzzzzzzzz517zzzzzzzzzzzz10zzzz1111111111
zzzzVzzzzzzzzzzzzzz300zzzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzz111111
zzzzKzzzzzzzzzzzzzz619zzzzzzzzzzzz12zzzz111111111111
zzzzOzzzzzzzzzzzzzz818zzzzzzzzzzzz16zzzz1111111111111111
zzzzFzzzzzzzzzzzzzz257zzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzz11111
zzzzGzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz87zzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzz11
zzzzSzzzzzzzzzzzzzz751zzzzzzzzzzzz15zzzz111111111111111
zzzzTzzzzzzzzzzzzzz724zzzzzzzzzzzz14zzzz11111111111111
zzzzRzzzzzzzzzzzzzz422zzzzzzzzzzzzz8zzzz11111111
zzzzAzzzzzzzzzzzzzz387zzzzzzzzzzzzz7zzzz1111111
zzzzNzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz85zzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzz11
zzzzLzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz6
zzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzz103zzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzz11
zzzzQzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz42zzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzz1


Mkzrjmtzrew.izrjiznoxi.tzEIMOAz=z45u65%;zyoktokekrtz.KSTRz=z30u33%;
yoktokekrtzPBGLQz=z1u76%u

Osciszodz.irrist:

zzzzzzzzzzzIzEzOzSzTzKzMzCz.zYzRzAzVzFzHz z(WJ)zDzGzNzQzPzLu


Rew.izNMMMu--Rew.izodzdsigaiky zodzcmhsefjt,zcae.tzoszfemst,zTfekmtj
rilruz.mbizRew.izMMM,zrjmtzrew.izmtzokzrjizwetmtzodz2,000z.irrist
e.rjoahjzfsifesiczdsovzezyoakrzodz20,000z.irristuzDoszrjmtzsietok
mrzmt,zrozezyisremkzilrikrzekzeffsolmvermok;zrjerzmt,zvisi. zwiyeati
kozdmhasitzesiztjoxkzdoszyisremkzyovwmkermokt,zxiztjoa.czkorzettavi
rjerztayjzyovwmkermoktzkiniszoyyaszwarzserjiszrjerzrji zesizsesiuzRji
.irristzmkzrjizjosmqokre.z.mkitzerzrjizrofzekczworrovzesizrjiz.iecmkh
.irrist;zrjotizmkzrjiznisrmye.zyo.avktzerzrjiztmcitzesizrjizdo..oxmkh
.irristuzRjat,zmkzrxozrjoatekcz.irrist,zxizve zilfiyrzrozdmkczEM
rxmyizekczMEzrxikr -rjsiizrmvitu



zzzzzEzzzWzzzzYzzzzCzzzzIzzzDzzzHzzzzJzzzzMzzzPzzzz.zzzzVzzzzKzzzzOzzzzFzzzzGzzzzSzzzzTzzzzRzzzzAzzzNzzzLzzz zzzQ

Ezzzz9zzz4zzz19zzz11zzzz5zzzzzzz6zzz17zzz23zzzzzzz54zzz18zzzz9zzzz3zzz20zzzzzzzz29zzz11zzz21zzzz8zzz6zzzzzzz2zzz5zzzE
Wzzzz6zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzz4zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzW
Yzzz24zzzzzzzz6zzzz6zzz24zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzzz8zzzz8zzzzzzzzzzzzzz9zzzz5zzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzY
Czzz31zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz29zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz19zzz13zzzzzzzzzzzzz10zzzz9zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzzzzzC
Izzz12zzz2zzzz6zzz59zzz10zzzzzzz1zzzz5zzzz7zzz2zzz12zzz18zzz22zzzz4zzzz9zzzzzzzz38zzz25zzz28zzz25zzz3zzzzzzz3zzzzzzzI
Dzzzz4zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzD
Hzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz8zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzH
Jzzzz2zzzzzzz12zzzzzzzz10zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzJ
Mzzzz2zzzzzzz23zzz16zzzzzzzz5zzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzz11zzz13zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz6zzz10zzzz5zzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzM
Pzzzz3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzP
.zzz21zzz3zzzz6zzzzzzzz39zzz3zzz3zzzzzzzzz7zzzzzzz21zzzzzzzzz5zzzz6zzzzzzzzzzzzz12zzzz2zzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
Vzzz12zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzz6zzz15zzzzzzzzzzzzzz7zzzz2zzzzzzzzz6zzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzV
Kzzz32zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz46zzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzz8zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz32zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz12zzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzK
Ozzzzzzzzzzzz26zzz22zzzz2zzz6zzz3zzzz4zzzz9zzzzzzz16zzzz2zzzz8zzzzzzzz20zzzzzzzz15zzzz7zzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzO
Fzzz13zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzz4zzzz9zzzz2zzzz7zzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzF
Gzzz11zzz5zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzG
Szzz40zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz27zzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzzzzzz4zzzzzzzzzzzzz36zzzz3zzzzzzzz11zzzzzzzz17zzzz3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzS
Tzzz39zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz52zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz10zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz7zzz14zzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzz14zzzzzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzT
Rzzzz5zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz13zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzzzzzz4zzzzzzzz18zzzz5zzzzzzzzzzzzzz6zzz30zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzR
Azzzz2zzzzzzzz4zzzz2zzzz6zzz3zzz4zzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzzzzzzz2zzzz6zzzzzzzzz4zzz17zzzzzzzz15zzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzA
Nzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzN
LzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzL
 zzzz5zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzz 
Qzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzQ

zzzzzEzzzWzzzzYzzzzCzzzzIzzzDzzzHzzzzJzzzzMzzzPzzzz.zzzzVzzzzKzzzzOzzzzFzzzzGzzzzSzzzzTzzzzRzzzzAzzzNzzzLzzz zzzQ



Rew.izMLu--Osciszodzdsigaiky zodzyovvokzfemstzrozwizilfiyriczmkze
yoakrzodz2,000z.irristzodzTfekmtjzvm.mres zoscistzekczsifosrtuzWetic
okzRew.izNMMMu


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCIzzz59zzzOKzzz32zzzEYzzz24
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.Ezzz54zzzECzzz31zzzIYzzz24
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzITzzz52zzzTRzzz30zzzYMzzz23
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIKzzz46zzzICzzz29zzzMEzzz23
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzESzzz40zzzSEzzz29zzzCOzzz22
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzETzzz39zzzRIzzz28zzzKIzzz22
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzI.zzz39zzzISzzz27zzzE.zzz21
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSIzzz38zzzYOzzz26zzz..zzz21
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOSzzz36zzzTIzzz25zzzFEzzz20
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEKzzz32zzzAIzzz25zzzFOzzz20




E.fjewirmyzDsigaiky zRew.it

(Rsaitci..)

Dsigaiky zodzoyyassikyizmkz1,000z.irristzodzrilr:


zzzzzzzzzzzz.irriszzzDsikyjzzzHisvekzzzMre.mekzzzFosrahaiti
zzzzzzzzzzzzEzzzzzzzzzzzz80zzzzzzz52zzzzzzz117zzzzzzzzzz140
zzzzzzzzzzzzWzzzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzzzzz18zzzzzzzzz6zzzzzzzzzzzz6
zzzzzzzzzzzzYzzzzzzzzzzzz33zzzzzzz31zzzzzzzz45zzzzzzzzzzz34
zzzzzzzzzzzzCzzzzzzzzzzzz40zzzzzzz51zzzzzzzz31zzzzzzzzzzz40
zzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzzzzzzzzz197zzzzzz173zzzzzzz126zzzzzzzzzz142
zzzzzzzzzzzzDzzzzzzzzzzzzz9zzzzzzz21zzzzzzzz10zzzzzzzzzzz12
zzzzzzzzzzzzHzzzzzzzzzzzzz7zzzzzzz42zzzzzzzz17zzzzzzzzzzz10
zzzzzzzzzzzzJzzzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzzzzz41zzzzzzzzz6zzzzzzzzzzz10
zzzzzzzzzzzzMzzzzzzzzzzzz65zzzzzzz81zzzzzzz114zzzzzzzzzzz59
zzzzzzzzzzzzPzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzz1zzzzzzz[1]zzzzzzzzzzzz5
zzzzzzzzzzzzBzzzzzzzzzzz[1]zzzzzzz10zzzzzzz[1]
zzzzzzzzzzzz.zzzzzzzzzzzz49zzzzzzz28zzzzzzzz72zzzzzzzzzzz32
zzzzzzzzzzzzVzzzzzzzzzzzz31zzzzzzz20zzzzzzzz30zzzzzzzzzzz46
zzzzzzzzzzzzKzzzzzzzzzzzz79zzzzzz120zzzzzzzz66zzzzzzzzzzz48
zzzzzzzzzzzzOzzzzzzzzzzzz57zzzzzzz28zzzzzzzz93zzzzzzzzzz110
zzzzzzzzzzzzFzzzzzzzzzzzz32zzzzzzzz8zzzzzzzz30zzzzzzzzzzz28
zzzzzzzzzzzzGzzzzzzzzzzzz12zzzzzz[1]zzzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzzzzz16
zzzzzzzzzzzzSzzzzzzzzzzzz74zzzzzzz69zzzzzzzz64zzzzzzzzzzz64
zzzzzzzzzzzzTzzzzzzzzzzzz66zzzzzzz57zzzzzzzz49zzzzzzzzzzz88
zzzzzzzzzzzzRzzzzzzzzzzzz65zzzzzzz60zzzzzzzz60zzzzzzzzzzz43
zzzzzzzzzzzzAzzzzzzzzzzzz62zzzzzzz51zzzzzzzz29zzzzzzzzzzz46
zzzzzzzzzzzzNzzzzzzzzzzzz21zzzzzzzz9zzzzzzzz20zzzzzzzzzzz15
zzzzzzzzzzzzXzzzzzzzzzzz[1]zzzzzzz15
zzzzzzzzzzzzLzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzzzz[1]zzzzzzz[1]zzzzzzzzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzz[1]zzzzzzz[1]zzzzzzzzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzQzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzz14zzzzzzzz12zzzzzzzzzzzz4




OsciszodzDsigaiky 


Dsikyj

zzzzIzEzKzSzTzMzAzOz.zCzYzFzVzNzGzDzHzWzPz zQ
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzRzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJzL


Hisvek

zzzzIzKzMzSzRzTzEzCzHzJzYz.zDzVzWzXzQzBzNzFzPzGzLz 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzAzzzzzzzO


Mre.mek

zzzzIzEzMzOz.zKzSzRzTzYzCzVzAzNzHzQzDzWzG
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFzzzzzzzzzzzJ


Fosrahaiti

zzzzIzEzOzTzSzMzKzVzRzCzYz.zFzGzNzDzHzWzPzQzLz 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzAzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJ




HsefjmyzDsigaiky zRew.it

Dsigaiky zodzoyyassikyizmkz200z.irristzodzrilru


Dsikyj

zzzzzzzzzzzzEzzz16zz1111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzWzzzz2zz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzYzzzz6zz111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzCzzz10zz1111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzIzzz39zz111111111111111111111111111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzDzzzz2zz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzHzzzz1zz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzJzzzz1zz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzMzzz13zz1111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzPzzzz1zz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzB
zzzzzzzzzzzz.zzz10zz1111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzVzzzz6zz111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzKzzz16zz1111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzOzzz11zz11111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzFzzzz6zz111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzGzzzz2zz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzSzzz15zz111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzTzzz13zz1111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzRzzz13zz1111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzAzzz12zz111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzNzzzz4zz1111
zzzzzzzzzzzzX
zzzzzzzzzzzzLzzzz1zz1
zzzzzzzzzzzz 
zzzzzzzzzzzzQ



Mre.mek

zzzzzzzzzzzzEzzz23zz11111111111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzWzzzz1zz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzYzzzz9zz111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzCzzzz6zz111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzIzzz25zz1111111111111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzDzzzz2zz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzHzzzz3zz111
zzzzzzzzzzzzJzzzz1zz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzMzzz23zz11111111111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzz.zzz14zz11111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzVzzzz6zz111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzKzzz13zz1111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzOzzz19zz1111111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzFzzzz6zz111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzG
zzzzzzzzzzzzSzzz13zz1111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzTzzz10zz1111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzRzzz12zz111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzAzzzz6zz111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzNzzzz4zz1111
zzzzzzzzzzzzL
zzzzzzzzzzzz 
zzzzzzzzzzzzQzzzz2zz11



Hisvek

zzzzzzzzzzzzEzzz10zz1111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzWzzzz4zz1111
zzzzzzzzzzzzYzzzz6zz111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzCzzz10zz1111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzIzzz32zz11111111111111111111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzDzzzz4zz1111
zzzzzzzzzzzzHzzzz8zz11111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzJzzzz8zz11111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzMzzz16zz1111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzP
zzzzzzzzzzzzBzzzz2zz11
zzzzzzzzzzzz.zzzz6zz111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzVzzzz4zz1111
zzzzzzzzzzzzKzzz24zz111111111111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzOzzzz6zz111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzFzzzz2zz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzG
zzzzzzzzzzzzSzzz14zz11111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzTzzz11zz11111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzRzzz12zz111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzAzzz10zz1111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzNzzzz2zz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzXzzzz3zz111
zzzzzzzzzzzzL
zzzzzzzzzzzz 
zzzzzzzzzzzzQzzzz3zz111



Fosrahaiti

zzzzzzzzzzzzEzzz28zz1111111111111111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzWzzzz1zz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzYzzzz7zz1111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzCzzzz8zz11111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzIzzz28zz1111111111111111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzDzzzz2zz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzHzzzz2zz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzJzzzz2zz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzMzzz12zz111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzPzzzz1zz1
zzzzzzzzzzzz.zzzz6zz111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzVzzzz9zz111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzKzzz10zz1111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzOzzz22zz1111111111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzFzzzz6zz111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzGzzzz3zz111
zzzzzzzzzzzzSzzz13zz1111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzTzzz18zz111111111111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzRzzzz9zz111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzAzzzz9zz111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzNzzzz3zz111
zzzzzzzzzzzzL
zzzzzzzzzzzz 
zzzzzzzzzzzzQzzzz1zz1








YJEFRISzMMM

RIYJKMGAIzODzYMFJISzILEVMKERMOK


Mkzrmvizodzeyrmnizofisermoktzmrzmtzmvfosrekrzrjerzyefrasiczos
mkrisyifriczymfjiszvittehitzsieyjzrjizilevmkmkhzoddmyizxmrjzrjiz.ietr
fottmw.izci.e uzRjizrilrzodzvittehit,zyefrasiczerzezcmtrekyizdsov
rjizilevmkmkhzoddmyi,ztjoa.czwiztikrzrozrjizoddmyizw zri.ihsefjzos
ri.ifjoki,zrjizosmhmke.zvittehitzwimkhzdosxesciczrozrjizoddmyizet
tookzrjisiedriszetzfottmw.iu

Rjizfsievw.i,z"f.eyizdsov,"zceri,zeccsittzekcztmhkerasi,zhmnizvotr
mvfosrekrzy.aitzetzrozrjiz.ekhaehizodzrjizymfjis,zrjizymfjiszvirjoc
fsowew. zatic,zekczinikzrjiztawpiyrzverriszodzrjizvittehiuzMdzrjizxjo.i
odzezri.ihsefjmyzoszsecmozvittehizmtzmkzymfjis,zmrzmtzjmhj. zfsowew.i
rjerzrjizfsievw.i,z"f.eyizdsov,"ziryu,zesizmkzekzofiserost'zymfjis
ekczesizcmtrmkyrzdsovzrjizwoc zodzrjizvittehiuzEtzrjitizofiserost'
ymfjistzesizkiyittesm. ztmvf.i,zekzerrivfrztjoa.cze.xe tzwizvecizro
cmtyonis,zw zvirjoctzodzeke. tmtzrozwiztirzdosrjz.eris,zrjizileyr
ilrikrzodzrjizofiseros'tzymfjiszekczrjikzrozciymfjiszrjizfesrtzod
rjizvittehitzikymfjisiczxmrjzmru

Mkzvm.mres zvittehit,zxize.votrzmknesmew. zdmkczrjiz.ekhaehizodzrji
rilrzrozwizrjerzodzrjizkermokzrozxjmyjzrjizvm.mres zdosyizwi.okhtuzRji
.ekhaehizodzrjizrilrzodzrjizvittehizodztiysirzehikrtzmt,zjoxinis,
ekorjiszverriszekc,zmkzcie.mkhzxmrjztayjzvittehit,zxiztjoa.czatize..
enem.ew.izinmcikyi,zworjzilriske.zekczmkriske.,zwidosizciymcmkhzdmke.. 
okzrjiz.ekhaehizaticuzXjikiniszezdsigaiky zrew.izyekzwizfsifesic,
tayjzezrew.izxm..zhmnizrjizwitrzinmcikyizdoszrjmtzfasfotiu

E..zxosbzmkzikymfjismkhzekczciymfjismkhzvittehitzekczmkzyof mkhzymfjist
tjoa.czwizcokizxmrjzyefmre.z.irristuzRjisizmtzvayjz.ittzyjekyizod
issoszxjikzxosbmkhzxmrjzyefmre.tzekc,zxmrjz.mrr.izfseyrmyi,zmrzmt
patrzewoarzetzdetruzEkzeccmrmoke.ztedihaesczmtzrozatizw.eybzmkbzos
fikym.zdoszrjizf.emkzrilrzekczyo.osiczmkbzoszfikym.zdoszrjizymfjisuzE
tifeserizyo.oszve zwizaticzdoszrjizbi zxjikzkiyittes u

Rjizdo..oxmkhzw.ekbzdosvzmtztahhitriczetzyoknikmikrzdoszbiifmkhze
siyosczodzezymfjiszakciszilevmkermokuzMrztjoa.czeyyovfek zrjizymfjis
rjsoahjzrjizilevmkmkhzfsoyittzekcztjoa.czwizdm..iczmkzetzrjizdeyrt
esizcirisvmkicuzRjmtzsiyosc,zrjizosmhmke.zymfjiszekcze..zkoritzod
xosbzcokizcasmkhzrjizilevmkermok,ztjoa.czwizdm.iczrohirjiszxjik
rjizilevmkermokzmtzyovf.iric,zxjirjiszrjizymfjiszjetzwiikzto.niczos
koruzMrzve zwizrjerzorjiszymfjistzto.nicz.eriszxm..zhmnizy.aitzro
rjizto.armokzodztayjzakto.niczymfjistu

Rjizdmstrzyo.avkzodzrjmtzw.ekbztjoa.czwizdm..iczoarzdsovzcerezdaskmtjic
w zrjizoddmyiszowremkmkhzrjizymfjiszdsovzrjizikiv uzEzhikise.
oscis,zivfjetmqmkhzrjizmvfosrekyizodzfsovfr. zdosxescmkhzyefrasic
oszmkrisyifriczymfjistzrozekzilevmkmkhzoddmyi,zyoa.cztfiymd zrjerze
wsmidzsifosrzivwoc mkhzrjmtzcereztjoa.czwizdosxesciczxmrjzieyjzymfjisu

Rjiztiyokczyo.avkzodzrjizw.ekbztjoa.czwizdm..iczoarzfsohsittmni. 
etzrjizxosbzfsoyiictuzRjizoddmyizkavwisztjoa.czwizeztisme.zoki,zrji
dmstrzymfjiszilevmkiczwimkhzKouz1uzRjizcerizekczjoaszodzsiyimfrzer
ilevmkmkhzoddmyizxm..zwizezyjiybzetzrozrjizrmvizsigamsiczrozrsektvmr
mrzdsovzf.eyizodzyefrasiuzRjiztfeyitz"Dsov,"z"Er,"z"Ro,"z"Er,"z"Ceri,"
esizdoszrjizmkdosvermokzyokyiskmkhztikciszekczeccsittiizodzrjizymfjis
ekczesizrozwizowremkiczdsovzrjizvittehiuzMkzyetizekzofiserost'zymfjis
jetzwiikzatic,zrjitizfesrtzodzrjizvittehizxm..zjenizrozwizciymfjisic
widosizrjizw.ekbtzyekzwizdm..iczmku



zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMkri..mhikyizTiyrmok,zHikise.zTredd
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1trzDmi.czEsv 

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-------------------------------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzF.eyi,zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCeri

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSiyosczodzYmfjiszIlevmkermok

Rjmtzymfjiszowremkiczw zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOddmyizKouz-----------------------

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSiyimnicz-------------z-----------
----------------------------------zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz(Ceri)zzzzzzz(Joas)

----------------------------------zzzzDsovz-----------------------------

erz-------------------------------zzzzErz-------------------------------

okz----------------z--------------zzzzRoz-------------------------------
zzzzzzz(ceri)zzzzzzzzzzz(joas)
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzErz-------------------------------
Joxzwimkhzrsektvmrriczxjikzowremkicu
(AkcistyosizviektzaticzekczikriszzzzzzCeriz-----------------------------
cerezokztikcmkhzekczsiyimnmkh
trermokt)uzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFsowew.iz.ekhaehizodzrilrz--------

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTikcmkhzzzzSiyimnmkhzzzzzzzzzz{zRsektfotmrmokz----------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTrermokzzzzTrermokzzzzzzzzzzzz{
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz{z------------------------
SecmozzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzY.ettzzz{
Ri.ifjokizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz{zTawtrmrarmokz-----------
Ri.ihsefjzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz{
Waqqiszzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz{z------------------------
Ji.mo
.ekriskzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYetiz-----------------------------
D.eh
Y y.mtrzzzzzzzzdsovzzzzzzzzrozzzzzzzzzSivesbt:
DoorzVittikhiszz,,zzzzzzzzz,,
VrcuzVittikhiszz,,zzzzzzzzz,,

Joxzowremkicuz(Akcistyosizviekt
atic)uzYefrasiczwidosizci.mnis zzzzzzzTo.armokzyovf.iricz---------z------
rozeccsittiiuzYefrasiczedriszzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz(ceri)zz(joas)
ci.mnis zrozeccsittiiuzMkrisyifric,
korzsiyimniczw zeccsittiiuzYofmic,zzzz.ekhaehizodzrilrz------------------
warzsiyimniczw zeccsittiiu
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzBi ,z(mdzcirisvmkic)z--------------
Sivesbt:
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-----------------------------------

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzR fiz----------zDm.izKouz----------

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-----------------------------------

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-----------------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIlevmkisu



Rjizfsowew.iz.ekhaehizodzrjizrilrzmtzettaviczdsovzrjizfsiyicmkh
cerezekc,zmdzkiyittes ,zdsovzmkriske.zinmcikyiuzRjatzezymfjiszdsov
ezVilmyekztoasyizekczkorzyokremkmkhzBzoszXzmtzfsowew. zmkzTfekmtju

Rjizy.ettzekczyetizesizcirisvmkiczw zrjizsa.itz.emczcoxkz.erisuzRji
tfeyizdoszsivesbtzmtzrozfisvmrzkorermokzodzek ztfiyme.zdierasituzXjik
rjizto.armokzmtzyovf.iric,zrjizcerizekczjoaszesizkoric,zrjiz.ekhaehi
odzrilrzekczbi z(mdzcirisvmkic)zesizikrisiczekczezr fizkavwis,zro
mcikrmd zmrzxmrjzorjiszymfjistzfsifesiczw zrjiztevizvirjocz(warzkor
kiyittesm. zrjiztevizbi ),zmtzhmnikzrozmruzRjizdm.izkavwiszmtzdos
yoknikmikyizmkzdm.mkhzekczmkzfsifesermokzodzezyesczmkcilu

Rjizfsoyittzodzilevmkermokzmkzekzoddmyizxmrjzokizilevmkis,zoki
trikohsefjiszekczokizy.isb,zvmhjrzwizetzdo..oxt:zOkzsiyimfrzodze
yefrasiczymfjiszxmrjzeyyovfek mkhzsifosr,zrjiztrikohsefjiszvebitzdoas
yofmitzodzrjizymfjiszokzrjizr fixsmrisuzRjizy.isbzekcztrikohsefjiszrjik
yjiybzrjizxosbuzRjiztrikohsefjiszrjikzfsoyiictzrozdm..zoarzrjizdmstr
yo.avkzekczdmstrzrxoz.mkitzodzrjiztiyokczyo.avkzodzrjizsiyosczw.ekb
dsovzrjizsifosrzodzrjizyefrasmkhzoddmyis,zbiifmkhzrjizosmhmke.zymfjis
ekczrxozyofmitzxmrjzrjizsiyoscuzJizve ze.tozdm..zoarzrjizdmstrztinik
.mkitzodzrjiztiyokczyo.avk,zmdzrjmtzcerezmtzokzrjizyefrasiczymfjiszmk
f.emkzrilruzMkzrjizviekrmvizrjizy.isbzmtzyoakrmkhzekcztirrmkhzcoxkzrji
xjo.izkavwiszodz.irristzodzrjizymfjiszekczrjizoyyassikyizodzEIMOA,
.KSTR,zekczPBGLQ,zxjm.izrjizilevmkmkhzoddmyiszmtz.oobmkhzoniszrji
ymfjiszdoszfottmw.izsiyassmkhzhsoaftzodz.irristzekczakcis.mkmkhzrjiv
xjikzdoakcu

Rjmtzxosbzwimkhzyovf.iric,zrjizilevmkmkhzoddmyiszmtzmkzezfotmrmok,
oscmkesm. ,zrozciymcizokzrjizy.ettzodzrjizymfjiszekczjizve zjenizdoakc
tovirjmkhzmkzjmtzilevmkermokzxjmyjzxm..z.ieczjmvzrozrjizyetizakciszrji
y.ettuzRjizy.isbzmkzrjmtzfsi.mvmkes zyoakrztjoa.czbiifzrseybzodzrji
rore.zoyyassikyizodzieyjzodzrjizdmdriikzyjiybz.irristzekczkorzodzrji
rjsiizhsoaftzhmnikzewoniuzRjmtzrebitzez.mrr.iz.okhiszwarzxjikzcoki,
rjizcerezdoszdmdriikz.irristzodzrjize.fjewirzdoszezdsigaiky zrew.izmt
yovf.iric,z.ienmkhzok. zi.inikzorjisz.irrist,zekczmkzTfekmtj,zwarzkmki,
rozwizyoakric,zmkzyetizmrzmtzkiyittes zrozfsifesizezdsigaiky zrew.iu

Mdzrjizilevmkmkhzoddmyiszciymcitzrjizymfjiszrozwizodzrjizrsektfotmrmok
y.ett,zkozdasrjiszxosbzxmrjzdsigaiky zrew.itzmtzkiyittes uzRji
y.isbztjoa.czfsoyiiczrozyoakrzekcztirzcoxkzrjizkavwiszodznoxi.tzmk
ieyjz.mkizekczyo.avkzekczrjizilevmkmkhzoddmyisztjoa.cz.oobzdoszek 
oyyassikyizodzrjiz.irriszGzekczrs zrozyokkiyrzmrzxmrjzAzekczekorjis
noxi.uzRjiztrikohsefjiszve zwiztirzrozxosbzfarrmkhzrjizymfjiszmkro
siyrekh.itzodzcmddisikrzcmviktmoktuzRjizy.isb'tzxosbzhmnitzcerezdos
fottmw.izsiessekhivikr,zdoszmdzrjiznoxi.tzesizvayjzoarzodzfsofosrmok
erzek zfomkr,zrji zvatrzwizyokkiyriczxmrjzrjizfsofiszfsofosrmokzod
yoktokekrtzetzezdmstrztrifzmkzsiessekhivikruzXosbzxmrjzrsektfotmrmok
ymfjistzvatrzkiyittesm. zmky.acizvayjzodzrjizdmrzekczrs zvirjocuzRji
cirem.tzodzrjmtzxosbzesizrebikzafz.erisu

Mdzezymfjisztiivtzrozwizeztawtrmrarmokzymfjis,zrjizilevmkmkhzoddmyis
tjoa.cz.oobzoniszrjizdsigaiky zodzoyyassikyizodzieyjzodzrjizdmdriik
.irristzyoakricuzMdztoviz.irristz(mrzmtzodzkozmvfosrekyizerzfsitikr
xjmyjzokit)zoyyaszvayjzvosizdsigaikr. zrjekzorjistzekcztovizoyyas
sesi. zoszkorzerze..,zxizve ztedi. zciymcizokzYetiz4,z5zosz6zekcz.ir
rjizy.isbzfsoyiiczrozdmkmtjzrjizdsigaiky zrew.izdoszrjizvittehiuzOkzrji
orjiszjekc,zmdze..zrjizdmdriikz.irristzilevmkiczoyyaszxmrjztovixjisi
kieszrjiztevizdsigaiky --doszilevf.i,zrjizvotrzyovvokz.irriszoyyassmkh
korzoniszrjsiizoszdoaszrmvitzetzodrikzetzrjiz.ietrzyovvokz.irris--xi
ve zerzokyizi.mvmkerizrjizdmstrzrjsiizyetitzekcz.irzrjizy.isbzfsoyiic
rozilevmkizrjizymfjiszdoszsiyassmkhzfemstzekczhsoaft,zyoakrmkhzrji
mkrisnikmkhz.irrist,ztozrjerzrjizilevmkmkhzoddmyiszve zciymcizxjirjis
Yetiz7,zosztovizvosizyovf.myericzyeti,ztjoa.czwizyjotiku

Mdztovirjmkhzvosizyovf.myericzrjekzYetiz7zjetzwiikzaticzekczorjis
ymfjistzesizokzjekczexemrmkhzilevmkermok,zrjizymfjisztjoa.czhozmkro
rjizakto.niczdm.izrozwizxosbiczokzxjikzorjiszxosbzfisvmrt,zak.itt
rjizyokrikrtzodzrjizymfjiszesizwi.miniczrozwiznis zmvfosrekruzInis 
offosrakmr ztjoa.czwizrebikzrozy.iekzafzrjizakto.niczdm.izekc,zxjikinis
ezvittehizmtzto.nic,zrjizvirjoctztjoa.czwizrsmic,zmdzeff.myew.i,
rozinis rjmkhzsivemkmkhzmkzrjizdm.iu

Rjizdmstrzdixzce tzoszxiibtzedriszrjizitrew.mtjvikrzodzekzilevmkmkh
oddmyizxm..zwizrjizvotrzrs mkhzrmviuzXjikzto.niczymfjistzwihmkzro
fm.izaf,zrjizvirjoctzodzrjizikiv zxm..zwizvosizekczvosizeffesikrzekc
mrzxm..zodrikzwizfottmw.izrozcirisvmkizrjizvirjoczdsovzbkox.ichizod
rjizkevizodzrjiztikciszekczsiyimnisu

Xjikzezymfjiszjetzwiikzto.nic,zrjizto.armokztjoa.czwizfsifesiczmk
rsmf.myerizekczhmnikzrjiztisme.zkavwiszodzrjizymfjisuzEk zfesrtzxjmyj
esizkorzy.ies,zrjsoahjzissostzmkzikymfjismkhzoszmkzrsektvmttmok,
tjoa.czwizakcis.mkiczoszorjisxmtizvecizyoktfmyaoat,ztozrjerzrjizjiec
odzrjizMkri..mhikyizTiyrmokzve zkorizrjivzekc,zfottmw. ,zdsovzorjis
toasyit,ztaff. zrjizcidmymiky u

Okizodzrjizyofmitzodzrjizymfjiszekczsifosrzodzilevmkermok,zxmrjze
yof zodzrjizto.armok,ztjoa.czwizraskiczoniszerzokyizrozrjizjieczod
rjizMkri..mhikyizTiyrmokzoszrozrjizYjmidzodzTredduzRjizorjiszyofmit
odzrjizto.armokztjoa.czwizdm.iczxmrjzrjizosmhmke.zymfjis,zrjizsifosr
odzilevmkermok,zekcze..zxosbzcokizokzrjizymfjisu

Fismocmye.. ,zte zokyizezxiibzoszinikzcem. zerzrjizwihmkkmkhzod
eyrmnizofisermokt,zrjisiztjoa.czwizekzmkrisyjekhizwirxiikze..
ilevmkmkhzoddmyitzodzto.niczvittehitzmkno.nmkhzkixzvirjoctzaticzw 
rjizikiv uzE..zrjizilevmkmkhzoddmyitzxm..zrjatzwizbifrzmkzroayjuzMr
ve ze.tozwizfottmw.izrozettmhkzyisremkzjotrm.izsecmoztrermoktzrozieyj
ilevmkmkhzoddmyizrozfsinikrzcaf.myermokzodzxosbu








YJEFRISzMN

Y.ETTITzODzYMFJIST


Rjisizesi,zmkzhikise.,zrxozy.ettitzodzymfjistuzRjitizesizrji
rsektfotmrmokzymfjiszekczrjiztawtrmrarmokzymfjisu

Tawtrmrarmokzymfjistzve zwizvecizafzodztawtrmraricz.irrist,zkavise.t,
yoknikrmoke.ztmhktzoszyovwmkermoktzodze..zrjsii;zekczdasrjisvosi,
doszeztmkh.iz.irriszodzrjizosmhmke.zrilrzrjisizve zwiztawtrmraricze
tmkh.iz.irris,zkavise.zosztmhkzoszrxozoszvosizodzieyj,zoszezxjo.i
xosczoszhsoafzodzdmhasit,zyovwmkermokzodzyoknikrmoke.ztmhkt,zos
yovwmkermoktzodze..zrjsiizodzrjitizi.ivikrtuzRjatztawtrmrarmokzymfjist
ve znes zdsovzrjotizodzilrsiviztmvf.mymr zrozrjotizxjotizyovf.myermok
cidmitzek zoscmkes zvirjoczodzeke. tmtzekczxjotizto.armokzsigamsit
rjizfottittmokzodz.okhzvittehitzekczvayjzrmvizekcztrac uzDosrakeri. 
rjizvosizcmddmya.rztawtrmrarmokzymfjistzesizsesi. zaticzdoszvm.mres 
fasfotit,zokzeyyoakrzodzrjizrmvizekczyesizsigamsiczdoszikymfjismkh
ekczciymfjismkhu

Rsektfotmrmokzymfjistzesiz.mvmriczrozrjizyjeseyristzodzrjizosmhmke.
rilruzRjitizyjeseyristzesizsiessekhicztmkh. ,zeyyoscmkhzroztovi
fsicirisvmkiczvirjoczoszbi z(voko.mrise.zrsektfotmrmok),zoszxjo.i
xosctzesiztmvm.es. zsiessekhicz(soarizymfjis)u

Rjisizve ze.tozwizezyovwmkermokzodzrsektfotmrmokzekcztawtrmrarmok
virjoctzmkzikymfjismkhzezvittehizwarzmkzrjmtzyetizmrzxm..zde..zmkro
rjiztawtrmrarmokzy.ettzokzdmstrzcirisvmkermokzekczedriszto.armok
etzeztawtrmrarmokzymfjiszmrzvatrzwizjekc.iczetzezrsektfotmrmok
ymfjisuzIlevf.itzodzrjmtzyetizxm..zwizhmniku

Xizve ze.tozdmkczrsektfotmrmokzosztawtrmrarmokzvirjoctzeff.miczro
xosctzrebikzdsovzezyocizwoob,zoszrozkavwistzxjmyjzsifsitikrzrjiti
xosctuzRjatzymfjiszvirjoctzw.ikczmkrozyocizxosb,zdoszezyocizmt,
edrisze..,zok. zeztfiyme.mqicztawtrmrarmokzymfjisu

Xizyekzkoxz.e zcoxkzrjizsa.itzdoszcirisvmkmkhzxjirjiszek zhmnikzymfjis
wi.okhtzrozrjiztawtrmrarmokzy.ettzoszrozrjizrsektfotmrmokzy.ettu

Yoakrzrjizkavwiszodz.irristzmkzrjizvittehi,zrjizkavwiszodznoxi.t,
EIMOA,zrjizkavwiszodzrjizyoktokekrt,z.KSTR,zekczrjizkavwiszodzrji
yoktokekrt,zPBGLQu

MdzrjizrilrzmtzIkh.mtjzekczrjizymfjiszmtzezrsektfotmrmokzymfjis,
rjmtzfsofosrmokzxm..zjo.c;znoxi.tzEIMOAzyoktrmrariz40%zodzrjizxjo.i;
yoktokekrtz.KSTR,z30%zekczyoktokekrtzPBGLQ,z3%u

MdzrjizrilrzwizTfekmtjzrjizfsofosrmoktzdoszezrsektfotmrmokzymfjis
xm..zwi:znoxi.tzEIMOAz45%,zyoktokekrtz.KSTR,z30%;zyoktokekrtzPBGLQ,z2%u

Mdzrjitizfsofosrmoktzcozkorzjo.czxmrjmkz5%,zokizxe zoszrjizorjis,
rjizymfjiszmtzyisremk. zeztawtrmrarmokzymfjisuzKori,zjoxinis,
rjerzodrikzrjizikczodzezvittehizmtzdm..iczxmrjz.irristz.mbizB,zL,
Qzrozyovf.irizymfjiszxosctzekczmrzmtzwitrzrozkih.iyrzrjiz.etrzxosc
oszxosctzmkzvebmkhzezyoakruzE.to,zmdzrjizymfjiszwizez.okhzoki,zrjmt
cirisvmkermokzyekztedi. zwizvecizw zrebmkhz100zosz200zyoktiyarmni
.irristzodzrjizvittehi,zimrjiszdsovzrjizwihmkkmkhzos,zmdzka..tzer
rjizwihmkkmkhzesiztatfiyric,zdsovzrjizmkrismoszodzrjizvittehiu

Rjizcmtrmkyrmokzwirxiikzrjizsoarizymfjisz(rsektfotmrmok)zekczrji
tawtrmrarmokzymfjiszxjisizxjo.izxosctzesiztawtrmrariczdosz.irristzod
rjizosmhmke.zrilr,zvatrzwizvecizokzrjizwetmtzodzrjizxosctzeyrae.. 
aticuzMrzmtzwirriszrozyoktmcisztayjzezvittehizetzezsoarizymfjiszxjik
rjizxosctzaticzeffieszrozjeniztovizyoktiyarmnizviekmkhzwiesmkhzokzrji
tmraermokzerzjekcuzEztawtrmrarmokzymfjiszodzrjmtznesmir zxoa.czok. 
wizaticzdoszrsektvmttmokzodzeztjosrzvittehizodzhsierzmvfosrekyizekc
tiysiy ,zekczrjikzrjizyjekyitzesizrjerzyisremkzxosctzyossitfokcmkhzro
E,zI,zK,zOzekczRzxoa.czeffieszxmrjztayjzdsigaiky zetzrozfomkrzerzokyi
rozrjizdeyrzrjerzeztawtrmrarmokzymfjiszxetzaticuzXeryjzrjizmkmrme.
oszrisvmke.z.irristzmkztayjzezymfjis;zrji zve ztfi..zrjizvittehiu

Mkzhikise.,zrjizcirisvmkermokzodzy.ettzw zfsofosrmokzodznoxi.t,
yovvokzyoktokekrtzekczsesizyoktokekrtzve zwiztedi. zdo..oxicuzXizxm..
koxzfsoyiiczrozrjizilevmkermokzodzrjizvosizyovvokznesmirmitzodzieyj
y.ettzodzymfjisu








YJEFRISzN

ILEVMKERMOKzODzRSEKTFOTMRMOKzYMFJIST


Edriszjenmkhzciymciczrjerzezymfjiszwi.okhtzrozrjizrsektfotmrmokzy.ett,
mrzsivemktzrozciymcizokzrjiznesmir zodzymfjiszaticuzEt,zw zcidmkmrmok,
ezrsektfotmrmokzymfjiszyoktmtrtzxjo.. zodzyjeseyristzodzrjizosmhmke.
vittehi,zsiessekhiczeyyoscmkhzroztoviz.ex,zxizve ,zmkzhikise.,zte zrjer
tayjzezymfjiszoddistzdixiszcmddmya.rmitzmkzto.armokzrjekzeztawtrmrarmok
ymfjisuzEzrsektfotmrmokzymfjiszmtz.mbizezfmyrasizfaqq.i;zrjizfesrtzesi
e..zrjisizekczrjizto.armokzvisi. zmkno.nitzrjimszyossiyrzessekhivikru



Yetiz1u--Hiovirsmye.zymfjistuzRjmtzyetizmky.acitze..zymfjistzmkzxjmyj
ezyisremkzkavwiszodzrjizyjeseyristzesizyjotikztozrjerzrji zxm..zdosv
eztgaesizoszsiyrekh.izodzfsicirisvmkiczcmviktmokt;zekczrjikzrjiti
yjeseyristzesizessekhiczeyyoscmkhzrozezhiovirsmye.zcitmhku

Rebmkhzrjizvittehi:


zzzzzzzzzzzzEzWzYzCzIzDzHzJzMzPzBz.zVzKzOzFzGzSzTzRzAzNzXzL


odzrxikr -doasz.irristzekczettavmkhzezsiyrekh.izodztmlz.irrist
josmqokre.. ,zekczdoasz.irristznisrmye.. ,zxizve zjeni:


(e)zTmvf.izJosmqokre.:

zzzzzzzzzEzWzYzCzIzDzzzDzIzCzYzWzEzzzTzRzAzNzXzLzzzLzXzNzAzRzT
zzzzzzzzzHzJzMzPzBz.zzz.zBzPzMzJzHzzzVzKzOzFzGzSzzzSzGzFzOzKzV
zzzzzzzzzVzKzOzFzGzSzzzSzGzFzOzKzVzzzHzJzMzPzBz.zzz.zBzPzMzJzH
zzzzzzzzzTzRzAzNzXzLzzzLzXzNzAzRzTzzzEzWzYzCzIzDzzzDzIzCzYzWzE


(w)zTmvf.izNisrmye.:

zzzzzzzzzEzIzMzVzGzAzzzCzJz.zFzRzLzzzAzGzVzMzIzEzzzLzRzFz.zJzC
zzzzzzzzzWzDzPzKzSzNzzzYzHzBzOzTzXzzzNzSzKzPzDzWzzzXzTzOzBzHzY
zzzzzzzzzYzHzBzOzTzXzzzWzDzPzKzSzNzzzXzTzOzBzHzYzzzNzSzKzPzDzW
zzzzzzzzzCzJz.zFzRzLzzzEzIzMzVzGzAzzzLzRzFz.zJzCzzzAzGzVzMzIzE


(y)zE.riskerizJosmqokre.:

zzzzzzzzzEzWzYzCzIzDzzzDzIzCzYzWzEzzzLzXzNzAzRzTzzzTzRzAzNzXzL
zzzzzzzzz.zBzPzMzJzHzzzHzJzMzPzBz.zzzVzKzOzFzGzSzzzSzGzFzOzKzV
zzzzzzzzzVzKzOzFzGzSzzzSzGzFzOzKzVzzz.zBzPzMzJzHzzzHzJzMzPzBz.
zzzzzzzzzLzXzNzAzRzTzzzTzRzAzNzXzLzzzEzWzYzCzIzDzzzDzIzCzYzWzE


(c)zE.riskerizNisrmye.:

zzzzzzzzzEzJzMzFzGzLzzzCzIz.zVzRzAzzzLzGzFzMzJzEzzzAzRzVz.zIzC
zzzzzzzzzWzHzPzOzSzXzzzYzDzBzKzTzNzzzXzSzOzPzHzWzzzNzTzKzBzDzY
zzzzzzzzzYzDzBzKzTzNzzzWzHzPzOzSzXzzzNzTzKzBzDzYzzzXzSzOzPzHzW
zzzzzzzzzCzIz.zVzRzAzzzEzJzMzFzGzLzzzAzRzVz.zIzCzzzLzGzFzMzJzE


(i)zTmvf.izCmehoke.:

zzzzzzzzzEzWzCzHzBzOzzzHzBzOzTzNzLzzzOzBzHzCzWzEzzzLzNzTzOzBzH
zzzzzzzzzYzIzJz.zFzTzzzCzJz.zFzRzXzzzTzFz.zJzIzYzzzXzRzFz.zJzC
zzzzzzzzzDzMzVzGzRzNzzzWzIzMzVzGzAzzzNzRzGzVzMzDzzzAzGzVzMzIzW
zzzzzzzzzPzKzSzAzXzLzzzEzYzDzPzKzSzzzLzXzAzSzKzPzzzSzKzPzDzYzE

zzzzzzzzzEzYzDzPzKzSzzzPzKzSzAzXzLzzzSzKzPzDzYzEzzzLzXzAzSzKzP
zzzzzzzzzWzIzMzVzGzAzzzDzMzVzGzRzNzzzAzGzVzMzIzWzzzNzRzGzVzMzD
zzzzzzzzzCzJz.zFzRzXzzzYzIzJz.zFzTzzzXzRzFz.zJzCzzzTzFz.zJzIzY
zzzzzzzzzHzBzOzTzNzLzzzEzWzCzHzBzOzzzLzNzTzOzBzHzzzOzBzHzCzWzE


(d)zE.riskerizCmehoke.:

zzzzzzzzzEzWzDzHzKzOzzzHzKzOzAzNzLzzzOzKzHzDzWzEzzzLzNzAzOzKzH
zzzzzzzzzYzIzJzVzFzAzzzDzJzVzFzRzXzzzAzFzVzJzIzYzzzXzRzFzVzJzD
zzzzzzzzzCzMz.zGzRzNzzzWzIzMz.zGzTzzzNzRzGz.zMzCzzzTzGz.zMzIzW
zzzzzzzzzPzBzSzTzXzLzzzEzYzCzPzBzSzzzLzXzTzSzBzPzzzSzBzPzCzYzE

zzzzzzzzzEzYzCzPzBzSzzzPzBzSzTzXzLzzzSzBzPzCzYzEzzzLzXzTzSzBzP
zzzzzzzzzWzIzMz.zGzTzzzCzMz.zGzRzNzzzTzGz.zMzIzWzzzNzRzGz.zMzC
zzzzzzzzzDzJzVzFzRzXzzzYzIzJzVzFzAzzzXzRzFzVzJzDzzzAzFzVzJzIzY
zzzzzzzzzHzKzOzAzNzLzzzEzWzDzHzKzOzzzLzNzAzOzKzHzzzOzKzHzDzWzE


(h)zTfmse.,zy.oybxmti:

zzzzzzzzzEzWzYzCzIzDzzz.zVzKzOzFzEzzzMzPzBz.zVzKzzzCzIzDzHzJzM
zzzzzzzzzFzGzSzTzRzHzzzBzNzXzLzGzWzzzJzAzNzXzLzOzzzYzSzTzRzAzP
zzzzzzzzzOzLzXzNzAzJzzzPzAzRzTzSzYzzzHzRzTzSzGzFzzzWzGzLzXzNzB
zzzzzzzzzKzVz.zBzPzMzzzMzJzHzDzIzCzzzDzIzCzYzWzEzzzEzFzOzKzVz.


(j)zTfmse.,zyoakriszy.oybxmti:

zzzzzzzzzEzFzOzKzVz.zzzKzVz.zBzPzMzzzMzJzHzDzIzCzzzDzIzCzYzWzE
zzzzzzzzzWzGzLzXzNzBzzzOzLzXzNzAzJzzzPzAzRzTzSzYzzzHzRzTzSzGzF
zzzzzzzzzYzSzTzRzAzPzzzFzGzSzTzRzHzzzBzNzXzLzGzWzzzJzAzNzXzLzO
zzzzzzzzzCzIzDzHzJzMzzzEzWzYzCzIzDzzz.zVzKzOzFzEzzzMzPzBz.zVzK


Mrzmtztmvf. zezverriszodzmktfiyrmokzrozsieczezvittehizmkzezymfjis
odzrjmtzr fi,zokyizrjizcmviktmoktzodzrjizsiyrekh.itzjenizwiik
cirisvmkicuzXizf.eyizrjizxjo.izoszezfosrmokzodzrjizvittehizmkztayj
siyrekh.itzekczsieczjosmqokre.. ,znisrmye.. zekczcmehoke.. zdosxesc
ekczweybxescuzFesrtzodzxosctzxm..zerzokyizwizeffesikrzekczrjizxjo.i
vittehizmtztookzciymfjisicuzRxozilevf.itzxm..ztjoxzrjizfsoyittu




Vittehi


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzM.NHMOMEIMRTSKVEKJVKH


Rjmtzvittehizyokremktzimhjrznoxi.tzosz38%zoarzodzrxikr -okiz.irrist,
ekczrjiz.irristz.KSTRzoyyasz7zrmvitzosz33%,zrjiz.irristzLGPBQzkor
effiesmkhuzMrzmtzrjisidosizezrsektfotmrmokzymfjisuzRxikr -okiz.irrist
mvvicmeri. ztahhitrztinikzyo.avktzodzrjsiiz.irristzieyjzoszrjsii
yo.avktzodztinikz.irristzieyjuzRs mkhzrjizdosviszxizjeni:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMz.zNzHzMzOzM
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzIzMzRzTzSzK
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzVzEzKzJzVzKzH


ekczsiecmkhzcoxkzieyjzyo.avkzmkztayyittmokz(Yetiz1-w)zsinie.tzrji
vittehizrozwiz"Mzevz.ienmkhzrjmtzvoskmkhu"




Vittehi

VzTzMzWzSzzzOzSzTzIzIzzzNzAzIzIzVzzzYzOzSzIzSzzzIz.zMzCzIzzzRzOzIzFzG
IzKzSzIzSzzzKzTzIzSz zzzIzYzOz.z.zzzIzSzIzAzTzzzFz.zAzSzYzzzIz.zOzEzP
EzIzJzAzJzzzFzDzEzTzOzzzKzKzOzEzEzzzIzFzMzAzEzzzFzFzIzEzYzzzAzGzEzSzA
OzFzOzIzMzzzMzSzSzVzMzzzEzDzCzEzEzzzSzGzAzWzOzzzQzEzIzHzIzzzSzTzDzTzL


Rjisizesiz120z.irristzmkzrjmtzvittehizxmrjz57znoxi.tzosz47%znoxi.t,
ekczrjiz.irristz.KSTRzoyyasz31zrmvitzosz26%zodzrjizxjo.iu

Kok-oyyassikyizodzBzekczXzekcznoxi.zfsofosrmokz.iectzatzrozrji
ettavfrmokzrjerzmrzmtzezrsektfotmrmokzymfjiszodzezTfekmtjzrilruzRji
deyrostzodz120zesiz5z√óz3z√óz2z√óz2z√óz2uzXizve zrjikzjenizokizsiyrekh.i
odz4z√óz30zoszokizodz5z√óz24zoszrxozodz5z√óz12,zoszrjsiizodz5z√óz8,zos
doaszodz5z√óz6,zoszdmnizodz3z√óz8,zoszrikzodz3z√óz4,zoszrxikr zodz3z√ó
2uzRjizvittehizwimkhzmkzezsiyrekh.izodz4z√óz30,zxizyekzmktfiyrzmrzetzmr
trekctzekczrjmtzmtzy.ies. zkorzrjizessekhivikrzmdzmrzwizezhiovirsmye.
rsektfotmrmokzymfjiszerze..uzMrzmtzwitrzjoxiniszrozrs zrjiz.eshitr
fottmw.izsiyrekh.itzdmstrztozxizxm..zfarzmrzmkzrjizdosvz5z√óz24,zrjat:


VzzTzzMzzWzzSzzOzzSzzTzzIzzIzzNzzAzzIzzIzzVzzYzzOzzSzzIzzSzzIzz.zzMzzC
IzzRzzOzzIzzFzzGzzIzzKzzSzzIzzSzzKzzTzzIzzSzz zzIzzYzzOzz.zz.zzIzzSzzI
AzzTzzFzz.zzAzzSzzYzzIzz.zzOzzEzzPzzEzzIzzJzzAzzJzzFzzDzzEzzTzzOzzKzzK
OzzEzzEzzIzzFzzMzzAzzEzzFzzFzzIzzEzzYzzAzzGzzEzzSzzAzzOzzFzzOzzIzzMzzM
SzzSzzVzzMzzEzzDzzCzzEzzEzzSzzGzzAzzWzzOzzQzzEzzIzzHzzIzzSzzTzzDzzTzzL


JisizekzmktfiyrmokztjoxtzrjmtzrozwizYetiz1-d,ze.riskerizcmehoke.,
ekczrjizrilrzrozwiz"VIzTMRAOzTOWSIzFESSE.zFOSGAIzVIzFSITIKYMEzDAI
SINI.ECEzFOSzA";zjisizrjiztiktizwsiebtzwarzkorizrjerzAzmtzrjizrxi.drj
.irriszodzrjiz.mkizekczyokrmkaizetzmdzrjizsiyrekh.izxisiz5z√óz12zekc
xizjeniz"KEzFESIPEzGAu"zKoxzmktfiyrzrjiztiyokczsiyrekh.izodz5z√óz12
mkzrjiztevizxe zekczrjiztiktizyokrmkaitz"IzTIzVIzEYISYOz zJAWOzGAI
SIYJEQESzFOSzI.zDAIHOzE..MzITSISOzOSCIKITzDMKMTL"u

Rjizfseyrmye.zxe zodzilevmkmkhzezymfjiszodzrjmtzr fizmtzrozjeniztinise.
vikzfsifesizsiyrekh.itzodzcmddisikrzcmviktmokt,zatmkhzrjiz.irristzod
rjizymfjiszmkzrjizosciszsiyimnicuzRjizsiyrekh.itzyekzwizmktfiyricznis 
sefmc. zxjikzokyizfsifesicuzKorizrjerzrjizcmviktmoktzodzek zsiyrekh.i
xm..zsesi. zwiztayjzetzrozyokremkzvosizrjekzdmdr z.irrist,zokzeyyoakr
odzrjizkiyittmr zodzdm..mkhzafzezsiyrekh.izxmrjzka..tzmdzrjizkavwis
odz.irristzodzrjizvittehizmtzpatrzez.mrr.izhsieriszrjekzezva.rmf.izod
rjizsiyrekh.iuzE.toz.eshizsiyrekh.itzhmni,zdosze..zwarzrjizcmehoke.
virjoc,zxjo.izxosctzmkzez.mkizoszyo.avkzekczrjitizesizietm. zkoricu

Rjizdo..oxmkhzymfjistzyovizakciszYetiz1:




Yetiz1-mu--Rjizsem.zdikyizymfjis,zatida.zetzekzofiserost'zymfjiszwar
fisvmrtzodzkoznesmermokzekczmtzrjisidosizsiecze.votrzetzietm. zet
trsemhjrzrilrzxjikzrjizvirjoczmtzbkoxkuzRjizvittehi:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJOTRM.IzYENE.S zJETzSIRMSIC


mtzxsmrrik:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOzRz.zYzNz.z zEzSzRzSzC
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJzTzMzIzEzEzSzJzTzIzMzI


ekczmtztikr:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOR.YNz. ESRzSCJTMzIEESJzTIMIL




Yetiz1-pu

Vittehi


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTzTzOzJzTzzzRzFzDzOzSzzzMzIzIzEzI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRzGzKzIzRzzzDzEzMzLzIzzzHz.zDzCzS
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzAz.zSzKzzzOzTzSzLz.zzzJzEzRzSzO


Rozto.nizrjmtzymfjis,zsieczcoxkzrjizyo.avktzmkzrjmtzoscisz8,z1,z15,
2,z14,z3,z13,z4,z12,ziryuzEznesmermokzmtzrozessekhizrjizymfjiszto
rjizyo.avktzesizsieczafxesctuzEkorjiszmtzrozessekhizrjizymfjistzto
rjizyo.avktzesizsiecze.riskeri. zafxesczekczcoxkxescuzRjizdeyrostzod
rjizkavwiszodz.irristzmkzrjmtzyetizhmnizrjiztjefizodzrjizsiyrekh.i
etzatae.u

Mrzxm..zwiztiikzrjerzrjisizesizezhsierzkavwiszodzfottmw.izrsektfotmrmok
ymfjistzrjerzyovizakciszYetiz1zwarzfseyrmye.. ze..zodzrjivzesi
ati.ittzdsovzezvm.mres ztrekcfomkrzwiyeatizrji zcozkorzcifikczokze
bi zxjmyjzyekzwizsiecm. zekczdsigaikr. zyjekhicuzJoxinisztayjzymfjist
yoktrekr. zysofzafzmkzymfjiszilevmkermok,zwimkhzaticzdosztfiyme.
yovvakmyermokzwirxiikzfesrmitzxjozyoktmciszrjizsiha.eszvm.mres 
ymfjistzroozyovf.myericuzRjatztovizodzrjitizilficmikrtzjenizwiikzaticu




SinisticzXsmrmkhu--(Tfiyme.zyetizodzYetiz1-e)u

.IENMKHzROKMHJRzmtzikymfjisiczRJHMKORzHKMNEI.zoszmrzve zwizsinistic
w zxosct,zrjatzHKMNEI.zRJHMKORzoszw zhsoaftzodzdmniz.irrist,zrjat
MNEI.zKORHKzLRJHMu




Nisrmye.zXsmrmkhu--(Tfiyme.zyetizodzYetiz1-w)uzTevizvittehizmt
ikymfjisic,


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.R
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIO
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEK
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzNMzzzekczmtztikr,z.RIOEzKNMMHzKJHRLu
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMH
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKJ
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzHR




Yetiz2u--Rjmtzyetizmky.acitze..zrsektfotmrmokzymfjistzmkzxjmyjz.mkit
ekczyo.avktzodzrjizrilrzesizsiessekhiczeyyoscmkhzroztovizbi zxosczos
bi zkavwisuzRjisizesizvek znesmirmitzodzrjmtzyetizwarzrjimszto.armok
atae.. zmtzessmniczerzrjsoahjzrjizvirjoctztahhitriczdoszYetiz1,zrjer
mt,zessekhivikrzmkrozeffsofsmerizsiyrekh.itzekczilevmkermokzodz.mkit
ekczyo.avktzdoszxosctzoszt ..ew.ituzSiessekhivikrzodzyo.avktzosz.mkit
do..oxtzakrm.zrjizto.armokzmtzyovf.iricu




Yetiz2-eu

Vittehi


zzzzzJMMHDzzzRKHJMzzzKRYNKzzzMIMORzzzY MD zzz.JEIEzzzITKWEzzzIIIIK
zzzzzSXHWKzzz CI.SzzzOEITHzzzSKIWOzzzNK.CEzzzMYEOEzzz.YKCRzzzMSHNE
zzzzzYCOMIzzzTISIYzzzCNFIMzzzEDMD.zzzSMKIJzzzIRR


Rjisizesiz108z.irristzmkzrjmtzvittehizekczilevmkermokztjoxtzmrzrozwi
ezrsektfotmrmokzymfjis,zIkh.mtjzrilruzRjizkavwiszodz.irrist,z108,
mvvicmeri. ztahhitrtzezsiyrekh.izodz12z√óz9zosz9z√óz12z.irristuzFar
mkrozrjmtzdosvzxizjeni:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzNoxi.tzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzNoxi.t

JzMzMzHzDzRzKzHzJzMzKzRzzzzzzzz3zzzzzJzMzMzHzDzRzKzHzJzzzzzzzz2
YzNzKzMzIzMzOzRzYz zMzDzzzzzzzz5zzzzzMzKzRzYzNzKzMzIzMzzzzzzzz4
 z.zJzEzIzEzIzTzKzWzEzIzzzzzzzz6zzzzzOzRzYz zMzDz z.zJzzzzzzzz2
IzIzIzKzSzXzHzWzKz zCzIzzzzzzzz4zzzzzEzIzEzIzTzKzWzEzIzzzzzzzz6
.zSzOzEzIzTzHzSzKzIzWzOzzzzzzzz5zzzzzIzIzIzKzSzXzHzWzKzzzzzzzz3
NzKz.zCzEzMzYzEzOzEz.zYzzzzzzzz5zzzzz zCzIz.zSzOzEzIzTzzzzzzzz4
KzCzRzMzSzHzNzEzYzCzOzMzzzzzzzz4zzzzzHzSzKzIzWzOzNzKz.zzzzzzzz2
IzTzIzSzIzYzCzNzFzIzMzEzzzzzzzz6zzzzzCzEzMzYzEzOzEz.zYzzzzzzzz5
DzMzDz.zSzMzKzIzJzIzRzRzzzzzzzz4zzzzzKzCzRzMzSzHzNzEzYzzzzzzzz2
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCzOzMzIzTzIzSzIzYzzzzzzzz5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCzNzFzIzMzEzDzMzDzzzzzzzz4
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.zSzMzKzIzJzIzRzRzzzzzzzz3


Rjiznoxi.zyoakrzodzrjiz.mkitztjoxtzrjizdmstrzessekhivikrzrozwizrji
vosiz.mbi. uzXizxm..zkoxzkavwiszrjizyo.avktzekczrs zfemsmkhzoddzyisremk
okitzxjmyjzmkzkoz.mkizxoa.czhmnizmvfottmw.izyovwmkermoktzodz.irristu


zzzzzzzzzzzz1zzz2zzz3zzz4zzz5zzz6zzz7zzz8zzz9zzz10zzz11zzz12

zzzzzzzzzzzzJzzzMzzzMzzzHzzzDzzzRzzzKzzzHzzzJzzzMzzzzKzzzzR
zzzzzzzzzzzzYzzzNzzzKzzzMzzzIzzzMzzzOzzzRzzzYzzz zzzzMzzzzD
zzzzzzzzzzzz zzz.zzzJzzzEzzzIzzzEzzzIzzzTzzzKzzzWzzzzEzzzzI
zzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzIzzzIzzzKzzzSzzzXzzzHzzzWzzzKzzz zzzzCzzzzI
zzzzzzzzzzzz.zzzSzzzOzzzEzzzIzzzTzzzHzzzSzzzKzzzIzzzzWzzzzO
zzzzzzzzzzzzNzzzKzzz.zzzCzzzEzzzMzzzYzzzEzzzOzzzEzzzz.zzzzY
zzzzzzzzzzzzKzzzCzzzRzzzMzzzSzzzHzzzNzzzEzzzYzzzCzzzzOzzzzM
zzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzTzzzIzzzSzzzIzzzYzzzCzzzNzzzFzzzIzzzzMzzzzE
zzzzzzzzzzzzDzzzMzzzDzzz.zzzSzzzMzzzKzzzIzzzJzzzIzzzzRzzzzR


Rjitizyovwmkermoktzeffieszevokhzorjist:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzz6zzz2zzz4zzz5zzz2

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJzzzRzzzMzzzHzzzDzzzM
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYzzzMzzzNzzzMzzzIzzzN
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzEzzz.zzzEzzzIzzz.
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzXzzzIzzzKzzzSzzzI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.zzzTzzzSzzzEzzzIzzzS
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzNzzzMzzzKzzzCzzzEzzzK
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKzzzHzzzCzzzMzzzSzzzC
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzYzzzTzzzSzzzIzzzT
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDzzzMzzzMzzz.zzzSzzzM


RjizxosczDMHJRztresitzerzatzdsovzrjizdmstrz.mki;z.irzatzessekhizrji
yo.avktzrjat:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzz2zzz4zzz1zzz6zzz3

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDzzzMzzzHzzzJzzzRzzzM
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzNzzzMzzzYzzzMzzzK
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIzzz.zzzEzzz zzzEzzzJ
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSzzzIzzzKzzzIzzzXzzzI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzSzzzEzzz.zzzTzzzO
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzzzKzzzCzzzNzzzMzzz.
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSzzzCzzzMzzzKzzzHzzzR
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzTzzzSzzzIzzzYzzzI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSzzzMzzz.zzzDzzzMzzzD


XizjenizrjizxosctzDMHJRM(KH),zNMYMK(MR ),zSIKIXI(C),zEKCNM.(.E),
SCMKHR(O),zSIYI(MNIC)uzXmrjzrjmtzrozhozok,zxizvatrzyjootizyo.avkz11
etzrjizkilrzokizekczrjikzmkzoscis,zyo.avktz8,z10,z7,z12,z9uzWarzkori
rjerzrjizoscisz11,z8,z10,z7,z12,z9,zmtzrjiztevizetzrjizoscisz5,z2,z4,
1,z6,z3uzRjizvittehizxetzxsmrrikzmkzrxi.nizyo.avktzekczrjizyo.avkt
jenizwiikzrsektfoticzmkzrjerzoscisuzXizve ,ze.rjoahjzmrzmtzikrmsi. 
akkiyittes ,ztfiya.erizokzrjizbi zxosczaticuzMrzxetzfsowew. 


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzVzIzLzMzYzO
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz4z2z6z3z1z5


viekmkhzrjerzrjiz4rjzyo.avkzodzrjizf.emkzrilrzxetzrsektdissiczmk
ikymfjismkhztozmrzwiyevizoasz1tr,zrjiz2czyo.avkzsivemkiczrjiz2c;
rjiz6rjzyo.avkzwiyevizoasz3c,ziryu

Eyrae.. ,zrjmtzymfjiszxetzto.niczwiyeatizrjizxosczNM..Ezxetztatfiyric
ekcze..zrjizkiyittes z.irristzxisizdoakczmkz.mkiztmlzodzrjizessekhivikr
mkzrxi.nizyo.avktuzRjizoscisz1,z6,z3,z11,z8zxetzrsmiczekczheni
rjmtzsita.ru


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzz6zzz3zzz11zzz8

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJzzzRzzzMzzzKzzzzH
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYzzzMzzzKzzzMzzzzR
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzEzzzJzzzEzzzzT
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzXzzzIzzzCzzzzW
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.zzzTzzzOzzzWzzzzS
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzNzzzMzzz.zzz.zzzzE
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKzzzHzzzRzzzOzzzzE
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzYzzzIzzzMzzzzN
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDzzzMzzzDzzzRzzzzI


Rjizsivemkciszodzrjizto.armokzdo..oxiczrjiz.mkitze.siec z.emczcoxk
ekc,zkerase.. ,zoddisiczkozcmddmya.rmit,zmkznmixzodzrjiz.eshizkavwis
odzyokkiyriczt ..ew.itzenem.ew.iu




Yetiz2-wu

Vittehi


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzT.YODzzzXIIRKzzzIWSCOzzzOSN VzzzDDICM
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKVRIYzzzSOMESzzzFISJOzzzITIRTzzzSDWJ.
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRIKEJzzzOFREAzzzTOVR.zzzSRIRRzzzETYWJ
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKMOCYzzzSIKIKzzzEEFSCzzz.EY IzzzIYMMI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTHADK


Rjmtzmtzezrsektfotmrmokzymfjis,zIkh.mtjzrilr,zekczyokremktz105
.irristuzRjizdeyrostzodz105zesiz5z√óz3z√óz7ztozrjerzxizvatrzmknitrmheri
rjizdo..oxmkhzsiyrekh.it;z5z√óz21,z15z√óz7,zrjsiizodz5z√óz7,zdmnizodz3z√ó
7zekcztinikzodz5z√óz3u


21z√óz5zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzNoxi.t
zzzzzzzzTzzz.zzzYzzzOzzzDzzzXzzzIzzzIzzzRzzzKzzzIzzzWzzzSzzzCzzzOzzzOzzzSzzzNzzz zzzVzzzDzzz6
zzzzzzzzDzzzIzzzCzzzMzzzKzzzVzzzRzzzIzzzYzzzSzzzOzzzMzzzEzzzSzzzFzzzIzzzSzzzJzzzOzzzIzzzTzzz9
zzzzzzzzIzzzRzzzTzzzSzzzDzzzWzzzJzzz.zzzRzzzIzzzKzzzEzzzJzzzOzzzFzzzRzzzEzzzAzzzTzzzOzzzVzzz7
zzzzzzzzRzzz.zzzSzzzRzzzIzzzRzzzRzzzEzzzTzzzYzzzWzzzJzzzKzzzMzzzOzzzCzzzYzzzSzzzIzzzKzzzIzzz6
zzzzzzzzKzzzEzzzEzzzFzzzSzzzCzzz.zzzEzzzYzzz zzzIzzzIzzzYzzzMzzzMzzzIzzzTzzzHzzzAzzzDzzzKzzz9
Noxi.tzz1zzz2zzz1zzz2zzz1zzz0zzz1zzz4zzz0zzz1zzz3zzz3zzz1zzz3zzz3zzz3zzz1zzz1zzz3zzz2zzz1


Rjiznoxi.zyoakrzodzrjizyo.avktzodzrjizsiyrekh.iz5z√óz21zmtznis 
termtdeyros uz.irzatzyoktmciszmrzetzrjsiizw.oybtzodz5z√óz7zieyj,
tmkyizxizvatrzcozrjmtza.rmveri. ,zekczvebizeznoxi.zyoakrzodzyo.avkt
doszrjitizw.oybtu


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5z√óz21zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzNoxi.t
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTzzz.zzzYzzzOzzzDzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzXzzzIzzzIzzzRzzzKzzz2
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzWzzzSzzzCzzzOzzz2
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOzzzSzzzNzzz zzzVzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDzzzDzzzIzzzCzzzMzzz2
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKzzzVzzzRzzzIzzzYzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSzzzOzzzMzzzEzzzSzzz3
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFzzzIzzzSzzzJzzzOzzz2
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzTzzzIzzzRzzzTzzz2
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSzzzDzzzWzzzJzzz.zzz0
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRzzzIzzzKzzzEzzzJzzz2
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOzzzFzzzRzzzEzzzAzzz3
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTzzzOzzzVzzzRzzz.zzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSzzzRzzzIzzzRzzzRzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzzzTzzzYzzzWzzzJzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKzzzMzzzOzzzCzzzYzzz2
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSzzzIzzzKzzzIzzzKzzz2
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzzzEzzzFzzzSzzzCzzz2
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.zzzEzzzYzzz zzzIzzz2
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzYzzzMzzzMzzzIzzz4
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTzzzHzzzAzzzDzzzKzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzNoxi.tzzz7zzz9zzz8zzz7zzz6


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYo.avk

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzz2zzz3zzz4zzz5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzNoxi.t,z1trzw.oybzzzzzzzz2zzz2zzz3zzz2zzz2
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzNoxi.t,z2czw.oybzzzzzzzzz2zzz3zzz2zzz2zzz2
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzNoxi.t,z3czw.oybzzzzzzzzz3zzz4zzz3zzz2zzz2


Rjmtzmtze.tozilyi..ikr,ztozxizxm..zrs zrjsiizw.oybtz5z√óz7zekcztii
mdzsiessekhivikrzodzjosmqokre.z.mkitzxm..zhmnizsita.rtzsiecmkhzrji
yo.avktznisrmye.. u


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzTz.zYzOzDzzzFzIzSzJzOzzzEzTzYzWzJ
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzXzIzIzRzKzzzIzTzIzRzTzzzKzMzOzCzY
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzIzWzSzCzOzzzSzDzWzJz.zzzSzIzKzIzK
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzOzSzNz zVzzzRzIzKzEzJzzzEzEzFzSzC
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzDzDzIzCzMzzzOzFzRzEzAzzz.zEzYz zI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzKzVzRzIzYzzzTzOzVzRz.zzzIzYzMzMzI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz7zzzSzOzMzEzSzzzSzRzIzRzRzzzTzHzAzDzK


Evokhzorjiszyovwmkermoktzesi:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzIzWzSzCzOzzzSzDzWzJz.zzzSzIzKzIzK
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzXzIzIzRzKzzzIzTzIzRzTzzzKzMzOzCzY
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzTz.zYzOzDzzzFzIzSzJzOzzzEzTzYzWzJ

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzDzDzIzCzMzzzOzFzRzEzAzzz.zEzYz zI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz7zzzSzOzMzEzSzzzSzRzIzRzRzzzTzHzAzDzK


Rjizeccmrmokzodz.mkiz6zewoniz.mkiz3zekcz.mkiz4zwi.oxz.mkiz7zxm..
yovf.irizrjmtzymfjisuzRjiztayyittmnizyo.avktztjoa.czwizsieczcoxkxescu




Yetiz2-yuzMkzrjmtzyeti,zworjz.mkitzekczyo.avktzesizsiessekhiczw 
viektzodzezbi zxosczoszbi zxosctuzRjizvirjoczodzto.armokzmtzrjiztevi
etzYetiz2-ezekcz2-wzilyifrzrjerzrjiz.mkitzvatrzwizsiessekhiczedris
rjizyo.avktzjenizwiikzyossiyr. zessekhic,zoszmkztovizyetit,znmyi
nisteuzRjmtzymfjiszmtzkorzmkdsigaikr. zvirzxmrjzwiyeatizmrztiivt
rozoddisztedir zw zatizodzrxozbi zxosctzekczw zrjizhsierzwarzok. 
effesikrzyovf.ilmr zodzrjizvirjocu




Vittehi

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzXNHEIzzzIHIK.zzzRDROJzzzRIMIDzzzSWRTI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMKIKHzzzOKXSVzzzHLMLKzzzHOMRKzzzSOVSO
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzITFE.zzzJKIEYzzzACKKJzzzCISVI


Rjmtzmtzezrsektfotmrmokzymfjis,zIkh.mtjzrilrzekczrjizkavwiszodz.irrist,
70,z.iectzatzrozrs zsiyrekh.itzodz10z√óz7zekcz7z√óz10u


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzNoxi.tzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzNoxi.t

zzzzzzzzzXzNzHzEzIzIzHzIzKz.zzzzzzzz4zzzXzNzHzEzIzIzHzzzzzzzz3
zzzzzzzzzRzDzRzOzJzRzIzMzIzDzzzzzzzz3zzzIzKz.zRzDzRzOzzzzzzzz2
zzzzzzzzzSzWzRzTzIzMzKzIzKzHzzzzzzzz3zzzJzRzIzMzIzDzSzzzzzzzz3
zzzzzzzzzOzKzXzSzVzHzLzMzLzKzzzzzzzz2zzzWzRzTzIzMzKzIzzzzzzzz3
zzzzzzzzzHzOzMzRzKzSzOzVzSzOzzzzzzzz4zzzKzHzOzKzXzSzVzzzzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzIzTzFzEz.zJzKzIzEzYzzzzzzzz4zzzHzLzMzLzKzHzOzzzzzzzz2
zzzzzzzzzAzCzKzKzJzCzIzSzVzIzzzzzzzz3zzzMzRzKzSzOzVzSzzzzzzzz2
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOzIzTzFzEz.zJzzzzzzzz3
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKzIzEzYzAzCzKzzzzzzzz3
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKzJzCzIzSzVzIzzzzzzzz2


Rjizdmstrzdosvz.oobtzrjizvosiz.mbi. zdsovzrjiznoxi.zyoakruzXizfsoyiic
rozkavwiszrjizyo.avktzekcz.mkitzekczrs zsiessekhivikrzodzyo.avktzto
etzrozowremkzfottmw.iz.irriszyovwmkermoktzdsovzinis z.mkiu


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzz2zzz3zzz4zzz5zzz6zzz7zzz8zzz9zzz10

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzXzzzNzzzHzzzEzzzIzzzIzzzHzzzIzzzKzzz.
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzRzzzDzzzRzzzOzzzJzzzRzzzIzzzMzzzIzzzD
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzSzzzWzzzRzzzTzzzIzzzMzzzKzzzIzzzKzzzH
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzOzzzKzzzXzzzSzzzVzzzHzzzLzzzMzzzLzzzK
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzHzzzOzzzMzzzRzzzKzzzSzzzOzzzVzzzSzzzO
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzIzzzTzzzFzzzEzzz.zzzJzzzKzzzIzzzEzzzY
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz7zzzAzzzCzzzKzzzKzzzJzzzCzzzIzzzSzzzVzzzI


Evokhzorjiszyovwmkermoktzxizjenizrjiti:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzz5zzz1zzz4zzz2zzz8zzz10zzz6zzz9zzz7

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzHzzzIzzzXzzzEzzzNzzzIzzz.zzzzIzzzKzzzH
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzRzzzJzzzRzzzOzzzDzzzMzzzDzzzzRzzzIzzzI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzRzzzIzzzSzzzTzzzWzzzIzzzHzzzzMzzzKzzzK
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzXzzzVzzzOzzzSzzzKzzzMzzzKzzzzHzzzLzzzL
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzMzzzKzzzHzzzRzzzOzzzVzzzOzzzzSzzzSzzzO
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzFzzz.zzzIzzzEzzzTzzzIzzzYzzzzJzzzEzzzK
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz7zzzKzzzJzzzAzzzKzzzCzzzSzzzIzzzzCzzzVzzzI


Eznis zyetae.zmktfiyrmokzodzrjiz.mkitztjoxtzrjerzrji ztjoa.czwi
siessekhiczmkzoscisz6,z1,z2,z7,z3,z5,z4,zetzdo..oxt:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzz5zzz1zzz4zzz2zzz8zzz10zzz6zzz9zzz7

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzFzzz.zzzIzzzEzzzTzzzIzzzYzzzzJzzzEzzzK
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzHzzzIzzzXzzzEzzzNzzzIzzz.zzzzIzzzKzzzH
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzRzzzJzzzRzzzOzzzDzzzMzzzDzzzzRzzzIzzzI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz7zzzKzzzJzzzAzzzKzzzCzzzSzzzIzzzzCzzzVzzzI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzRzzzIzzzSzzzTzzzWzzzIzzzHzzzzMzzzKzzzK
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzMzzzKzzzHzzzRzzzOzzzVzzzOzzzzSzzzSzzzO
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzXzzzVzzzOzzzSzzzKzzzMzzzKzzzzHzzzLzzzL


E.rjoahjzodzkozfesrmya.eszmvfosrekyi,zmrzve zwiztrericzrjerzrji
yo.avkzbi zmkzrjmtzyetizxetzHSEKCzekczrjiz.mkizbi zxetzYIKRSE.,
worjzaticzetzmkzikymfjismkhzYetiz2-eu




Yetiz3uzSoarizymfjistuzMkzrjmtzyeti,zxjo.izxosctzodzrjizvittehi
esizrsektfoticzeyyoscmkhzroztovizodzrjizvirjoctzodzYetiz1zosz2zos
rjimszigamne.ikrtuzRjizsoarizymfjiszmtz.mrr.izaticzerzfsitikruzMrt
cini.ofvikrzekczatizcasmkhzrjizYmnm.zXeszxetzyeaticzw zrjizmkewm.mr 
odzrjizri.ihsefjistzodzrjerzce zrozjekc.izsiha.eszymfjiszverris
yossiyr. zekczsefmc. uzMrzxet,zinikzmkzrjotizce t,zdsekb. zok. 
ezci.e mkhzymfjiszekc,zrozwizodzek zne.ai,zjeczrozwizdm..iczxmrj
viekmkh.ittzxosctzrozyokyie.zrjizvittehizfsofisuzEkzilevf.izdsov
rjizTmhke.zWoobzxm..ztaddmyizroztjoxzrjizhikise.zyjeseyriszodzsoari
ymfjistuzRozokizdevm.meszxmrjzvoko.mrise.zrsektfotmrmokzymfjist,
inikzrjizwitrzodzsoarizymfjistzoddistzwarz.mrr.izcmddmya.r u

"Rozikymfjiszrjizvittehiz'VONIzCE .MHJRuzIKIV zEFFSOEYJMKHzDSOV
KOSRJuzFSMTOKISTzTE zTRSIKHRJzOKIzJAKCSICzRJOATEKCuzVIIRzJMVzET
F.EKKICu'zessekhizetzdo..oxt:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzVONIzzzzzzzzzzTRSIKHRJzzzF.EKKICzzzTE 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzCE .MHJRzzzzzzOKIzzzzzzzzETzzzzzzzzFSMTOKIST
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzIKIV zzzzzzzzzJAKCSICzzzzJMVzzzzzzzKOSRJ
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzEFFSOEYJMKHzzzRJOATEKCzzzVIIRzzzzzzDSOV


Jisizrjizsoarizmtzcoxkzrjizdmstrzyo.avk,zafzrjizdoasrj,zcoxkzrji
tiyokczekczafzrjizrjmscu"

Rjmtzymfjiszxetzodrikzyovf.myericzw zrjizmkrsocayrmokzodzka..tzdos
inis zdmdrjzxoscuzRjatzrjizewonizvittehizvmhjrzwiztikr:


zzzzVONIzTRSIKHRJzF.EKKICzTE zKINISzCE .MHJRzOKIzETzFSMTOKISTz.IENMKH
zzzzIKIV zJAKCSICzJMVzKOSRJzAKYJEKHICzEFFSOEYJMKHzRJOATEKCzVIIR
zzzzDSOVzYOVIu


Rjizxosctzmkzmre.mytzesizka..tzekczkorzezfesrzodzrjizvittehizekczrji
siyimniszi.mvmkeritzrjivzwidosizessekhmkhzjmtzvittehizmkzyo.avktzro
hirzrjiztiktizodzmru

Etzekzeccmrmoke.zyovf.myermok,zmrzxetzyatroves zdoszieyjzyossitfokcikr
rozjenizezcmyrmokes zoszyocizmkzxjmyjzrjizkevitzodze..zfsovmkikr
hikise.tzekczf.eyitzekczvek zodzrjizfsovmkikrzniswt,--etzrozvesyj,
roztem.,zrozikyevf,zrozerreyb,zrozsirsier,--xisizsifsitikriczw 
orjiszxosctu

EzsoarizymfjiszatmkhzrjizyocizxosctzodzrjizXeszCifesrvikrzyocizvmhjr
jeniztovizecnekrehitzoniszrjizvirjoczodzikymfjismkhzyocizvittehitzet
fsitysmwiczmkzrjerzYociu




Hikise.zSivesbtzokzRsektfotmrmokzYmfjist

Mrzmtzrjizyoktiktatzodzofmkmokzodzilfisrtzrjerzrjizrsektfotmrmok
ymfjiszmtzkorzrjizwitrzokizdoszvm.mres zfasfotituzMrzcoitzkor
da.dm..zrjizdmstr,ztiyokc,zekczrjmsczodzBisybjoddt'zsigamsivikrtzet
rozmkciymfjisewm.mr ,ztedir zxjikzeffeseratzekczvirjoczde..zmkrozrji
jekctzodzrjizikiv ,zekczcifikcewm.mr zokzezsiecm. zyjekhiew.izbi zxoscu

Joxinis,zrsektfotmrmokzymfjistzesizodrikzikyoakrisicuzRji zesi
denosmritzxmrjzrjotizxjozdmkczrjiztawtrmrarmokzymfjistzroozcmddmya.r
ekczroozricmoatzrozjekc.izekczxjozwi.minizrjerzrjimszrsektfotmrmok
virjoctzesizimrjiszewto.ari. zmkciymfjisew.izosztaddmymikr. zto
doszrjizfasfotizodzyokyie.mkhzrjizrilrzodzezvittehizdoszrjizrmvi
wimkhuzRji ztiivzrozwizfesrmya.es. zfofa.eszxmrjztiysirzehikrtzekc
tfmit,zfsitavew. zwiyeatiztfiyme.zeffeseratzmtzsesi. zkiyittes zmk
ikymfjismkhzekczciymfjismkhu

E.rjoahjzrjizkavwiszodzrsektfotmrmokzvirjoctzmtz.ihmok,zrji zyek
fseyrmye.. ze..zwizyoktmcisiczakciszokizodzrjizrjsiizyetitze.siec 
cmtyatticuzMrzmtztasfsmtmkhzjoxzodrikzrsektfotmrmokzymfjistzfsifesic
w zyovf.myericzsa.it,zxm..,zokzeke. tmt,zwiztiikzrozwiznis ztmvf.iu

Rozwiztayyittda.zmkzto.nmkhzrsektfotmrmokzymfjist,zokiztjoa.c
yoktrekr. zfseyrmyizsiecmkhzweybxesczekczafzekczcoxkzyo.avkt,ztozrjer
rjizyovvokzyovwmkermoktzodz.irristzesizetzgamyb. zmcikrmdmiczxjikztiik
rjatzetzxjikzikyoakrisiczmkztrsemhjrzrilruzYovwmkermoktz.mbizIJR,
..MX,zSOD,zCKE,ziryu,ztjoa.czwizeffsiymericzmvvicmeri. zetzyovvok
xosctzxsmrrikzweybxescu

Eztrac zodzrjizrew.izodzdsigaiky zodzcmhsefjtzoszfemstzmtze.to
ilyi..ikrzfseyrmyizekcztayjzezrew.iztjoa.czwizerzjekczxjikze
rsektfotmrmokzymfjiszmtzakciszyoktmcisermokuzMrzettmtrtzhsier. zmd
Yetiz2zwizikyoakrisiczekczmtzodzyoktmcisew.izatizmkzto.nmkhzYetiz1u

Rjizto.armokzodzsoarizymfjistzmtzkiyittesm. zokizodzrs zekczdmr,
xmrjzrjizbkox.ichizrjerztayjzymfjistzatae.. zesizsieczafzekczcoxk
yo.avktuzMrzmtzkorzwi.miniczrjerzsoarizymfjistzxm..zodrikzwizvirzxmrj
erzrjizfsitikrzce u








YJEFRISzNM

ILEVMKERMOKzODzTAWTRMRARMOKzYMFJIST


Xjikzekzakbkoxkzymfjiszjetzwiikzfarzmkrozrjiztawtrmrarmokzy.ettzw 
rjizvirjoctze.siec zcitysmwiczxizve zfsoyiiczrozciymcizokzrjiznesmir 
odztawtrmrarmokzymfjiszxjmyjzjetzwiikzaticu

Rjisizesizezdixzfasi. zviyjekmye.zxe tzodzto.nmkhztovizodzrjiztmvf.i
yetitzodztawtrmrarmokzymfjistzwarzetzezhikise.zsa.iztovizosze..zod
rjizdo..oxmkhzcirisvmkermoktzvatrzwizveci:

1uzW zfsifesermokzodzezdsigaiky zrew.izdoszrjizvittehizxizcirisvmki
xjirjiszokizoszvosiztawtrmrarmokze.fjewirtzjenizwiikzaticzekc,zmd
okizok. zjetzwiikzatic,zrjmtzrew.iz.iectzrozrjizto.armoku

2uzW zyisremkzsa.itzxizcirisvmkizjoxzvek ze.fjewirtzjenizwiikzatic,
mdzrjisizesizvosizrjekzoki,zekczrjikzmto.erizekczeke. qizieyjze.fjewir
w zviektzodzezdsigaiky zrew.iu

3uzMdzrjizrxozfsiyicmkhztriftzhmnizkozsita.rtzxizjenizrozcie.zxmrjze
ymfjiszxmrjzezsakkmkhzbi ,zezymfjiszodzrjizF.e demszr fi,zoszezymfjis
xjisizrxozoszvosizyjeseyristzesiztawtrmrariczdoszieyjz.irriszodzrji
rilruzToviztfiyme.zyetitzakciszrjmtzrjmsczjieczxm..zwizhmnikzwar,
mkzhikise.,zvm.mres zymfjistzodzrjiztawtrmrarmokzy.ettzxm..zatae.. 
wizdoakczrozyovizakciszrjizdmstrzrxozjiect,zokzeyyoakrzodzrjizrmvi
ekczyesizsigamsiczmkzrjizfsifesermokzekczciymfjismkhzodzvittehitzw 
rjiz.etrzkeviczvirjoctzekczrjizkiyittmr ,zmkzvek zyetit,zodzatmkh
yovf.myericzveyjmkitzdoszrjitizfsoyittitu




Yetiz4-eu

Vittehi


zzzzzzzzzzzOWGDOzWFWSFzGWEV.zOWJMDzFM.DGzDPWOLzOD.KSzWMLOQzI.


DsovzrjizsiyassikyizodzW,zDzekczO,zxizve zyoky.acizrjerzeztmkh.i
tawtrmrarmokze.fjewirzxetzaticzdoszrjmtzvittehiuzMdztozekczmdzrji
e.fjewirzsaktzmkzrjiztevizosciszekczcmsiyrmokzetzrjizsiha.esze.fjewir,
rjiztmvf.itrzxe zrozcmtyoniszrjizviekmkhzodzrjizvittehizmtzrozrebi
rjizdmstrzrxozxosctzekczxsmrize.fjewirtzakciszieyjz.irriszetzdo..oxt,
akrm.ztoviz.mkizvebitztikti:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOzWzGzDzOzWzFzWzSzF
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFzYzSzHzFzYzGzYzTzG
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzGzCzTzJzGzCzSzCzRzS
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSzIzRzMzSzIzTzIzAzT


RjizxosczSIRMSITIzoyyastzmkzrjizdoasrjz.mki,zekc,zmdzrjizxjo.izvittehi
wizjekc.iczmkzrjmtzxe zxizdmkczrjizsitrzodzrjizdoasrjz.mkizrozsiec
ATRICzFOSzI.zVMTVOzMRMKISESMOzGAIzVESYJOuzRjizvittehizxetzikymfjisic
atmkhzekze.fjewirzxjisizEz=zL,zWz=z ,zYz=zQ,zCz=zE,ziryuzkormkhzrjer
etzrjmtzvittehizmtzmkzTfekmtjzrjiz.irristzBzekczXzcozkorzeffieszmk
rjize.fjewiru




Yetiz4-wu

Vittehi

zzzzzzzzzzzJAPQJzAMAFKzOQ RTzNGLVMzTVOVLzVGJACzAVSIMzTITPAzEH

RjmtzmtzezvittehizmkzTfekmtjuzXizxm..zjekc.izmrzetzmkzyetiz4-e,
tirrmkhzcoxkzrjizxjo.izvittehiu


zzzzJAPQJAMAzzzFKOQ zzzRTNzzzGLzzzzVMTVOzzzVLVGJACAVSzzzIMTzzzITPAEH
zzzzMN.EMNPNzzzGOFEQzzzARLzzzS zzzzE=EzzzzzK KSMNINKTzzzDPRzzzDR.NWJ
zzzzPLVWPL.LzzzSFGWEzzzNA zzzTQzzzzzzzzzzzzOQOTPLDLORzzzH.AzzzHAVLYM
zzzz. KY. V zzzTGSYWzzzLNQzzzREzzzzzzzzzzzzFEFR. H FAzzzJVNzzzJNK CP
zzzzVQOCVQKQzzzRSTCYzzz LEzzzAWzzzzzzzzzzzzGWGAVQJQGNzzzMKLzzzMLOQI.
zzzzKEFIKEOEzzzATRICzzzQ WzzzNYzzzzzzzzzzzzSYSNKEMESLzzzPO zzzP FEDV
zzzzOWGDOWFWzzzE=AzzzzzEQYzzzLCzzzzzzzzzzzzTCTLOWPWT zzz.FQzzz.QGWHK
zzzzFYSHFYGYzzzzzzzzzzzWECzzz IzzzzzzzzzzzzRIR FY.YRQzzzVGEzzzVESYJO
zzzzGCTJGCSCzzzzzzzzzzzYWIzzzQDzzzzzzzzzzzzADAQGCVCAEzzzKSWzzzE=T
zzzzSIRMSITIzzzzzzzzzzzCYDzzzEHzzzzzzzzzzzzNHNESIKINWzzzOTY
zzzzE=GzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzICHzzzWJzzzzzzzzzzzzLJLWTDODLYzzzFRC
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDIJzzzYMzzzzzzzzzzzz M YRHFH CzzzGAI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzHDMzzzCPzzzzzzzzzzzzQPQCAJGJQIzzzE=O
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJHPzzzI.zzzzzzzzzzzzE.EINMSMED
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMJ.zzzE=VzzzzzzzzzzzWVWDLPTPWH
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzPMVzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYKYH .R.YJ
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.PKzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCOCJQVAVCM
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzV.OzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIFIMEKNKIP
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKVFzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDGDPWOLOD.
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOKGzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzHSH.YF FHV
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFOSzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJTJVCGQGJK
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzE=IzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMRMKISESMO
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzE=C


Jisizieyjzxosczodzrjizvittehizyovitzoarzokzezcmddisikrz.mki,zekc
kormkhzmkzieyjzyetizrjiz.irriszyossitfokcmkhzrozE,zxizjenizrjizxosc
GAIVECOTzxjmyjzmtzrjizbi uzRjizymfjisze.fjewirzyjekhiczxmrjzieyjzxosc
odzrjizvittehiu

Eznesmermokzodzrjmtzyetizmtzxjisizrjizymfjisze.fjewirzyjekhitzeyyoscmkh
rozezbi zxosczwarzrjizyjekhizyovitzinis zdmniz.irristzoszinis zrik
.irristzodzrjizvittehizmktrieczodzinis zxoscuzRjizrilrzodzrjizvittehi
yekzwizfmybiczafzmkzrjmtzyetizxmrjzez.mrr.iztrac u

Korizmkzatmkhzyetiz4zrjerzmdzxizesizciymfjismkhzezTfekmtjzvittehi
xizatizrjize.fjewirzxmrjoarzBzoszXzetzezsa.i,ze.rjozmdzrjiz.irrist
BzoszXzeffieszmkzrjizymfjiszmrzmtzinmcikyizrjerzrjizsiha.eszIkh.mtj
e.fjewirzmtzaticu




Yetiz5-eu

Vittehi


zzzzCKX.XzVL GPzEKSTEzS.FRIzYEWYGzS.KIYz.VMX.zLQGRRzGMXS zQXKTV
zzzzWBKXSz VEF.zETCEK


RjmtzvittehizyokremktzBzekczXzekczrjisidosizxizilfiyrzrjizIkh.mtj
e.fjewirzrozwizaticuzRjizdsigaiky zodzoyyassikyizodzE,z.,zK,zSzekc
Xzjetz.ieczatzrozilevmkizmrzakciszyetiz4zwarzxmrjoarzsita.ruz.irzat
tirzcoxkzrjizdmstrzrxozxosctzekczciymfjiszrjivzxmrjzezymfjiszcmtb
tirzEzrozEzekczrjikzfsoyiiczetzmkzyetiz4u


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYmfjiszvittehizzzzCKX.XVL GP
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCiymfjisiczEzrozzzEzzzzzzzzzzzzLKIFIOCYBS
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzWzzzzzzzzzzzz ODGDFIC.T
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYzzzzzzzzzzzzQFHSHGDIVR
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCzzzzzzzzzzzzEGJTJSHDKA
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzzzzzzzzzzWSMRMTJHON


Rjizvittehizmtzrjatzdoakczrozwizikymfjisiczxmrjzezymfjiszcmtbztir
EzrozIzekczrjizrilrzmt:zWSMRMTJzHONISKVIKRzF.EYICzYOKRSEYRTzXMRJ
DO..OXMKHzDMSVTzCASMKHzTIFRIVWISu




Yetiz5-wu

Tevizetzyetiz4-wzilyifrzrjerzrjizymfjiszvittehizvatrzwizciymfjisic
w zviektzodzezymfjiszcmtbztirzEzrozEzwidosizfsoyiicmkhzrozvebizaf
rjizyo.avktzodze.fjewirtuzRjizxosctzodzrjizciymfjisiczvittehizxm..
wizdoakczokztifeseriz.mkit,zrjiz.mkitzwimkhzmkcmyericzetzezsa.izw 
ezbi zxosczxjmyjzyekzwizcirisvmkiczetzmkzyetiz4-wu

Rjizgaitrmokzodze.fjewirmyzdsigaiky zjetze.siec zwiikzcmtyatticzmk
yoktmcismkhzrjizviyjekmtvzodz.ekhaehiuzMrzmtzezyoknikmikrzrjmkhzrozfar
rjizdsigaiky zrew.itzmkzezhsefjmyzdosvzekczrozatizeztmvm.eszhsefjmy
dosvzmkzyovfesmkhzakbkoxkze.fjewirtzxmrjzrjiztrekcesczdsigaiky 
rew.ituzDoszmktrekyizrjiztrekcesczTfekmtjzdsigaiky zrew.izfarzmk
hsefjmyzdosvzmtzjisizfsitikriczmkzosciszrozyovfesizxmrjzmrzrji
dsigaiky zrew.izdoszrjizvittehizcmtyatticzmkzyetiz4-eu


TrekcesczTfekmtjzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRew.izdoszVittehi
dsigaiky zrew.izzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYetiz4-e

Ezzz111111111111111111111111111zzzzzzzzz27zzzzzzEzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzz1
Wzzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzWzzz1111111zzzzzz7
Yzzz111111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz9zzzzzzY
Czzz1111111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz10zzzzzzC
Izzz1111111111111111111111111111zzzzzzzz28zzzzzzIzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzz1
Dzzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzDzzz11111zzzzzzzz5
Hzzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzzzzH
Jzzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzJzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzz1
Mzzz111111111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz12zzzzzzMzzz111zzzzzzzzzz3
Pzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzPzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzz1
.zzz1111111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz10zzzzzz.zzz111zzzzzzzzzz3
Vzzz111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzzzzVzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzz1
Kzzz111111111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz12zzzzzzKzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzz1
Ozzz1111111111111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz16zzzzzzOzzz111111zzzzzzz6
Fzzz11111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzzzzFzzz111zzzzzzzzzz3
Gzzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzGzzz111zzzzzzzzzz3
Szzz111111111111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz15zzzzzzSzzz11zzzzzzzzzzz2
Tzzz11111111111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz14zzzzzzT
Rzzz11111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz8zzzzzzR
Azzz1111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz7zzzzzzA
Nzzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzN
LzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzLzzz11zzzzzzzzzzz2
 zzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzz 
Qzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzQzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzz1


OaszdmstrzettavfrmokzvmhjrzwizrjerzWz=zEzekczDz=zIzwarzmrzmtzinmcikr
erzokyizrjerzmkzrjerzyeti,zT,zR,zAzekczNz(igae.zrozS,zT,zRzekczA)
cozkorzoyyaszekczezvittehizinikzrjmtztjosrzxmrjoarzS,zT,zRzoszAzmt
fseyrmye.. zmvfottmw.iuzW zrs mkhzWz=zIzxizdmkczrjerzrjizrxozrew.it
ehsiizmkzezhikise.zxe znis zxi..zekczrjmtzmtze..zrjerzyekzwizilfiyric
xmrjztayjzeztjosrzvittehiuzRjiz.okhiszrjizvittehizrjizkiesiszxoa.c
mrtzdsigaiky zrew.izehsiizxmrjzrjiztrekcesczrew.iuzKorizrjerzmdze
ymfjiszcmtbzjetzwiikzatic,zrjize.fjewirzsaktzrjizorjiszxe zekczxi
vatrzyoakrzafxesczmkzxosbmkhzxmrjzezhsefjmyzrew.iuzKorize.tozrjerzmd,
mkzezdems. z.okhzvittehi,zmrzmtzmvfottmw.izrozyo√∂scmkerizrjizhsefjmy
rew.i,zsiecmkhzimrjiszafzoszcoxk,zxmrjzrjiztrekcesczrew.izekcz irztovi
.irristzoyyaszvayjzvosizdsigaikr. zrjekzorjistzekcztovizcozkorzoyyas
erze..,zxizjenizezvmlicze.fjewirzrozcie.zxmrjuzRjizilevf.izyjotikzdos
yetiz6-ezmtzodzrjmtzyjeseyrisuzEkzilevmkermokzodzrjizdsigaiky zrew.i
hmnikzakciszrjerzyetiztjoxtzrjerzmrzwiestzkozhsefjmyzsitivw.ekyizrozrji
trekcesczrew.iuzJoxinis,zetzxm..zwiztiikzmkzyetiz7-w,zrjizfsifesermok
odzhsefjmyzrew.itzikew.itzatzroztrerizcidmkmri. zrjerzrjiztevizoscis
odz.irristzmtzdo..oxiczmkzieyjzodzezkavwiszodzvmlicze.fjewirtu




Hikise.zSivesbt

Ek ztawtrmrarmokzymfjis,zikymfjisiczw zeztmkh.ize.fjewirzyovfoticzod
.irrist,zdmhasitzoszyoknikrmoke.ztmhkt,zyekzwizjekc.iczw zrjizvirjoct
odzyetiz6uzDoszilevf.i,zrjizvittehitzakciszyetiz4-ezekcz5-ezesizietm. 
to.niczw zrjitizvirjoctuzWarzkorizrjerzrjizvittehitzakciszyetiz4-w
ekcz5-wzyekkorztozwizto.niczwiyeatiztinise.ze.fjewirtzesizaticuzXi
xm..ztiiz.eriszrjerzrjisizesizvirjoctzodztihsihermkhzrjizcmddisikr
e.fjewirtzmkztovizyetitzxjisiztinise.zesizaticzekczrjikzieyjzodzrji
e.fjewirtzmtzrozwizjekc.iczetzwi.oxu




Yetiz6-eu

Vittehi

zzzzGCW FzWLJ TzOLFYFz TJYTzICSWTzQFRFWzWTYTWzFTJTQzEPJYCzOTILNzJFOCE
zzzzFWFTQzWTNL zLTJYC


Rjmtzvittehizxetzsiyimniczdsovzeztoasyizxjmyjzvebitzatztasizmrzmtzmk
TfekmtjuzRjizoyyassikyizodzW,zJ,zFzekczTzjetzrivfriczatzrozrs zrji
dmstrzrxozxosctzetzmkzyetiz4zekcz5zwarzxmrjoarzsita.ruzXizkoxzfsifesi
ezdsigaiky zrew.i,zkormkhzerzrjiztevizrmvizrjizfsiyicmkhzekczdo..oxmkh
.irrisuzRjmtz.erriszfsoyiicmkhzrebitz.mrr.iz.okhiszrjekzrjizfsifesermok
odzekzoscmkes zdsigaiky zrew.izekczhmnitzvotrzne.aew.izmkdosvermoku


zzzzzzzzDsigaiky zRew.i

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFsidmlzzzzzzzzzTaddml

zzzzzzzzEzzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzQCzzzzzzzzzzzzzPF
zzzzzzzzWzzz11111111zzzzzzzzzzzz8zzzCFSFWTFQzzzzzzz LTWTFFT
zzzzzzzzYzzz11111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzFJTJJzzzzzzzzzzFTTCC
zzzzzzzzCzzz11111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzGIYOYzzzzzzzzzzWSOE
zzzzzzzzIzzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzTTzzzzzzzzzzzzzCL
zzzzzzzzD
zzzzzzzzH
zzzzzzzzJzzz111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzLTTPNTzzzzzzzzz YTYFY
zzzzzzzzM
zzzzzzzzPzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzEzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJ
zzzzzzzz.
zzzzzzzzV
zzzzzzzzK
zzzzzzzzOzzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzTCFzzzzzzzzzzzzLTC
zzzzzzzzFzzz111111111zzzzzzzzzzz9zzz LYQRWJEWzzzzzzWY RWTOWT
zzzzzzzzGzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzC
zzzzzzzzSzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzCzzzzzzzzzzzzzzW
zzzzzzzzTzzz111111111111zzzzzzz12zzz  YWWYFJOFWLzzzOJIQYWJQIQNJ
zzzzzzzzRzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzFzzzzzzzzzzzzzzF
zzzzzzzzA
zzzzzzzzNzzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzLTzzzzzzzzzzzzzJL
zzzzzzzzLzzz11111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzWOIN zzzzzzzzzzJFN T
zzzzzzzz zzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzWJFLzzzzzzzzzzzFTTL
zzzzzzzzQzzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzTTTzzzzzzzzzzzzFEW


Mrzmtzy.ieszdsovzekzilevmkermokzodzrjmtzrew.izrjerzxizjenizrozcie.
xmrjzeztmkh.ize.fjewirzwarzokizmkzxjmyjzrjiz.irristzcozkorzoyyaszmk
rjimszsiha.eszoscisu

Xizve zettavizrjerzFzekczTzesizfsowew. zEzekczI,zworjzokzeyyoakrzod
rjizdsigaiky zxmrjzxjmyjzrji zoyyaszekczrjiznesmir zodzrjimszfsidmlit
ekcztaddmlituzMdzrjmtzmtzto,zrjikzWzekczJ,zesizfsowew. zyoktokekrt
ekczve zsifsitikrzSzekczKzsitfiyrmni. uzCzekczLzesizrjikznoxi.tzw 
rjiztevizvirjoczodzeke. tmtuzKormkhzrjerzJYzoyyastzrjsiizrmvitzekc
rebmkhzJzetzKzxizyoky.acizrjerzYzmtzfsowew. zRuzTawtrmrarizrjiti
ne.aitzmkzrjiz.etrzrjsiizxosctzodzrjizvittehizwiyeatizrjiz.irrist
ettaviczoyyaszserjiszdsigaikr. zrjisiu


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFWFTQWTNL LTJYC

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMzMzzzM
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzESEI_SI_z_zIKR
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOzOzzzO


KoxzQzmtze.xe tzfsidmliczw zTzekczve zwiz.uzRebmkhzL=MzekczC=O,
(rji zesizyisremk. znoxi.t),zN=Hzekcz =V,zxizjeni


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzESEzI.zSIHMVMIKRO


Tawtrmrarmkhzrjitizne.aitzmkzrjizsitrzodzrjizvittehizxizjeni


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzGzzzCW FWLJzzz TOLFYFzzz TJYTICzzzSWTQFRFW
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz_zzzOSVESMKzzzVI_MEREzzzVIKRI_Ozzz_SI.E_ES

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzWTYTWzzzzzFTJTQzzzzzEPJYCzzzzzOTILNJFOCE
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSIRISzzzzzEIKI.zzzzz__KROzzzzz_I_MHKE_O_


Xizve zkoxzrebizG=D,zO=C,zI=T,zS=W,zR=Y,zE=FzekczP=Azekczrjizvittehi
mtzyovf.iriuzXizesizettmtriczmkzoasz.etrzettavfrmokzw zkormkhzrjer
T=IzekczI=T,ziryu,zekczxizve zokzrjerzwetmtzsiyoktrsayrzrjizikrmsi
e.fjewiruzRjiz.irristzmkzfesikrjitmtzcozkorzoyyaszmkzrjizvittehizwar
ve zwiztedi. zettaviczrozwizyossiyru


Oscmkes zzzEzWzYzCzIzzDzzzHzzJzzMzzzPzzz.zzzVzzzKzzOzFzGzSzTzRzAzNzLz zQ
YmfjiszzzzzFzSzRzOzTz(G)z(N)zKz(L)z(A)z(Q)z( )z(J)zCzEzDzWzIzYzPzHzMzVz.


Mrzmtze.xe tzxi..zrozerrivfrzrjizsiyoktrsayrmokzodzrjizikrmsi
e.fjewirzdoszatizmkzyetizek zvosizymfjiszvittehitzxsmrrikzmkzmrzesi
siyimnicu----




Yetiz6-wu

Vittehi


zzzz.ruzPuzWuzTvmrj,zSo e.zD. mkhzYosft,zYe.emt,zDsekyiu

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCEYDRzzzSSWJEzzzVOOAIzzzEIKOMzzzQRMIR
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzETVOTzzzIOJMIzzz OYBDzzzKOJOIzzzKOARJ
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOVIEJzzzKM.HOzzzOTEJAzzzOJOAIzzzEFYJT
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzR.KCEzzzYDRIKzzzMKRXKzzzWEDOJzzzHSOJR
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEIMOJzzzEWSMTzzzOCEYDzzzRSSIKzzzOTRTV
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzE WMTzzzCDRIKzzzIDEFJzzzOTVKMzzzQRMIE
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJ.M..zzzRXTOAzzzHCIKOzzzARJOVzzzIEJWJ
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEVOOAzzzIE OIzzzGMTAAzzzO.IJEzzzCIKOI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKJOOGzzzOWWOSzzzRT.JOzzzWEJIOzzzAWJOW
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMJRTXzzzIKOJOzzzFEJMJzzzMRAETzzzWMJR.

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzHsejev-Xjmriu


RjizeccsittzekcztmhkerasizmkcmyerizrjerzrjmtzvittehizmtzmkzIkh.mtju

Rjisizesiz250z.irristzmkzrjizymfjis;zrjiznoxi.tzEIMOAzoyyasz109zrmvit
osz43u6%,zrjiz.irristz.KSTRzoyyasz62zrmvitzosz24u8%,zekczrjiz.irrist
BGNLQzoyyasz5zrmvitzosz2%uzRjizfsofosrmokzmkzrjizyetizodzrjiznoxi.t
mtztovixjerzrooz.eshizekc,zmkzrjizyetizodzrjiz.irristz.SKTR,zmrzmt
rooztve..uzMrzmtzrjikzgaitrmokew.izxjirjiszrjmtzmtzezrsektfotmrmok
ymfjisze.rjo,zerzdmstrzh.ekyizmrzvmhjrzeffieszrozwizokiu

Okzilevmkermokzdoszfesrtzodzfottmw.izxosctzxizesizerzokyiztrsaybzw 
rjizoyyassikyizerzmssiha.eszmkrisne.tzodzsiyassmkhzhsoaft,znmq:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCEYDRSSzzzIKOzzzzzzzzzzzzWJEVOOAIE
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCEYDRIKzzzIKOARJOVIEJzzzzWJEVOOAIE
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIKO
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCEYDRSSzzzCIKOARJOVIEJzzzMQRMI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDRIKzzzzzzCIKOzzzzzzzzzzzMQRMI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIKO


Rjmtzmtzeztrsokhzmkcmyermokzrjerzrjizymfjiszmtzeztawtrmrarmokzymfjis,
to,zrozvebizekzilevmkermokzezdsigaiky zrew.izxm..zwizyoktrsayricu


zzzzDsigaiky zRew.i

zzzzEzzzzWzzzzYzzzCzzzIzzzzDzzzHzzzJzzzzMzzzzPzzzBzzz.zzzV
zzzz23zzz11zzz7zzz6zzz24zzz7zzz3zzz26zzz16zzz0zzz1zzz8zzz8

zzzzKzzzzOzzzzFzzzGzzzSzzzTzzzzRzzzzAzzzzNzzzXzzzLzzz zzzQ
zzzz15zzz36zzz3zzz2zzz8zzz14zzz17zzz11zzz1zzz3zzz0zzz3zzz2


Tafisdmyme.. ,zrjmtz.oobtz.mbizezkosve.zdsigaiky zrew.i,zwarzOzmt
rjizcovmkekrz.irris,zdo..oxiczw zJ,zI,zE,zR,zM,zK,zT,zmkzrjizoscis
kevicuzMrzmtzyisremk. zYetiz6zmdzmrzmtzeztawtrmrarmokzymfjiszerze..u

.irzatztiizxjerzyekzwizcokizw zettavmkhzO=I;zrjizrsmf.irzIKO,zoyyassmkh
tmlzrmvitzvmhjrzxi..zwizRJIzekczI=RzekczK=JuzEzh.ekyizerzrjizdsigaiky 
rew.iztjoxtzrjmtzrozwizsietokew.iuzKoxztawtrmrarizrjitiz.irristzmkztovi
.mbi. zhsoaftuzDKOJOIKOzwiyovitz_JI_IRJI;zDRIKzwiyovitz_RJ;zIKOIKJO
wiyovitzRJIRJ_I;zIKOJOzwiyovitzRJI_IuzEzwmrzodztrac zxm..ztjoxzrjer
D=X,zR=MzekczJ=Szekczrjizdsigaiky zrew.izwiestzrjmtzoarzilyifrzrjer
J(=S)ztiivtzrozoyyaszroozdsigaikr. uzRjizsiyassmkhzhsoaftzyokremkmkh
CEYz(tiizewoni)zoyyaszmkztayjzezxe zrjerzxizve zwiztasizCEYzmtzoki
xosc,zDRSSzmtzekorjiszekczDRIK(=XMRJ)zmtzezrjmscuzKoxzDRSSzwiyovit
XM__,zxjmyjzyekzok. zwizyovf.iriczw zezcoaw.iz.irrisuz..zdm..tzrji
wm..zekczxizve zte zS=.uzEtzCEYztresrtzrjizvittehizekczmtzdo..oxic
w zDRSSz(=XM..)zmrzmtzsietokew.izrozrs zCEY= OAuz.oobmkhzafzCEYzmk
rjizdsigaiky zrew.izmrzmtzinmcikrzrjerzxiztrsemkzkorjmkhzw zrjmt
ettavfrmokuzXizkoxzjeni:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.irristzodzymfjiszzzzOKREJIYDC
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.irristzodzvittehizzzIJMOSRAX 


KoxzrebizrjizhsoafzIKOARJOVIEJzxjmyjzoyyastzrxmyiuzRjmt
wiyovitzRJI_MSI_ROSzekczmdzxiztawtrmrarizA=CzekczV=YzxizjenizRJI
CMSIYROSuzKilrzrjizhsoafz(DRSS)WJEVOOAIEzwiyovitz(XM..)z_SOYIICRO
ekczrjizyokrilrzhmnitzxosczxmrjzvmttmkhz.irriszetzFSOYIIC,zdsov
xjmyjzW=FuzKilrzrjizhsoafz(IKO)zMQRMIRETVOTIOJMI OYB(DKOJO)zwiyovit
(RJI)__M_RMO_YI_RIS_R_IA_(XJISI)zekczrjizhsoafz(DRIK)IDEFJOTVKMQRMIEJ.
wiyovitz(XMRJ)RXO_SI_YJ__M_ROS_uzRjiztawtrmrarmokzodzEzdoszM,zNzdos
Q,zKzdoszTzekczDzdoszFzvebitzrjiz.erriszhsoafzsiecz(XMRJzRXOzDSIKYJ
ENMEROSTzekczrjizdosviszsiecz(RJI)ENMERMOKzYIKRISzERz_IA_(XJISI)u

Koxzrjizxoscz OYBz=z(_IA_)zmtzrjizkevizodzezf.eyi,zinmcikr. uzXi
dmkczekorjiszhsoafzyokremkmkhz ,znmq:zIKOTRTVE WMTCzxjmyjzwiyovit
RJIKMKYO_FEK ztozrjerzinmcikr. zxiztjoa.cztawtrmrarizVzdosz uzRji
orjiszoyyassikyizodz z(=V)zmtzmkzrjizhsoafzIE OIGMTAzxjmyjzwiyovit
ROVIR_EKCuzEzsietokew.izbkox.ichizodzhiohsefj zhmnitzatzrjizxosct
VIALzekczVIRQztozrjerzLztjoa.czwiztawtrmrariczdoszBzekczQzdoszGu

Xizkoxzjeniztaddmymikrz.irristzdoszezyovf.irizciymfjismkhzodzrji
vittehiu


zzzzzzzzzzzzz.irristzodzymfjiszzzzEWYCIDHJMB.VKOFGSTRANX Q
zzzzzzzzzzzzz.irristzodzvittehizzzOFA RX_SELTYJIDQ.KMC__VN


Rjizvittehizciymfjist:


zzzz OAzXM..zFSOYIICzROzRJIzENMERMOKzYIKRISzERzVIALzXJISIzRJIzCMSIYROS
zzzzJETz_IIKzOSCISICzROzDASKMTJz OAzXMRJzEzJM_JzFOXISz_.ISMOR
zzzzEISOF.EKIuz OAzXM..zRJIKzMKzYOVFEK zXMRJzRXOzDSIKYJzENMEROST
zzzzETTM_KICz_ zRJIzCMSIYROSzFSOYIICzROzVIRQzEKCzCITRSO zRJIzRJSII
zzzzQIFFI.MKTzSIFOSRICzFSIFESMK_zRJISIzDOSzEzSEMCzOKzFESMTu


RjiztawtrmrarmokzodzWzdoszH,zHzdoszXzekczBzdoszNzyovf.iritzrji
ymfjisuzRjmtzymfjiszmtzcmddmya.rzok. zwiyeatizrjizymfjisze.fjewirzmt
vecizaf,zkorzjefjeqesc,zwarztymikrmdmye.. zxmrjzfsofiszyoktmcisermok
doszrjizkerase.zdsigaiky zodzoyyassikyizodzrjiz.irristuzMkzymfjiszxosb
mrzmtzcekhisoatzrozkih.iyrzfsofiszeke. tmtzekczpavfzerzyoky.atmoktu

Mkzrjiztrac zodzVilmyekztawtrmrarmokzymfjist,ztinise.ze.fjewirtzjeni
wiikzdoakczxjmyjzesizvecizafzmkzezhikise.zxe ,z.mbizrjizokizcmtyattic
mkzrjmtzyetiu




Yetiz6-yu--Mrzmtzezyoknikmikyizmkzcie.mkhzxmrjzymfjistzvecizafzod
kavwistzoszyoknikrmoke.ztmhktzroztawtrmrarizeswmrses z.irristzdos
rjizkavwistzekcztmhktuzTaffotizxizjenizrjizvittehi:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz"??2&zzz45l15zzz)"8&#zzz&&1l4zzz%&4&%
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz6l?&"zzz8&*l4zzz6¬∞*¬∞&zzz%"4&"


W zeswmrses ztawtrmrarmokzodz.irristzrjmtzmtzveci


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEWWYCzzzIDHJDzzzMPBC.zzzCCJHIzzzVCICV
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKHWCEzzzBCOHIzzzKFOFCzzzVEICE


Rjmtzvittehizmtzkoxzmkzyoknikmikrztjefizrozjekc.izetzYetiz6-ezekczok
to.armokzmtzdoakczrozsiec:


zzzzzzzzzE..zFISTOKTzJENIzWIIKzOSCISICzROz.IENIzDOSRMDMICzESIEu


Mkzrjiztevizxe zrjizvittehi


zzzz1723z3223z2825z1828z3630z2336z1423z2827z2324z3120z2317z3123
zzzz3036z2120z2415z3029z1512z2831z1721z2715z2811z2715z1923z3030
zzzz1215z1130z2128z3623


mtzdoakczrozwizvecizafzikrmsi. zodzkavwistzwirxiikz11zekcz36zxmrj
rjizkavwistz23,z28zekcz30zoyyassmkhzvotrzdsigaikr. uzRjmtzmvvicmeri. 
tahhitrtzekze.fjewirzvecizafzodzrjizkavwistzdsovz11zroz36zmky.atmni
ekczieyjzymfjiszhsoafzodzdmhasitzsifsitikrtzrxoz.irristuzW zeswmrses 
tawtrmrarmokzodz.irristzdoszhsoaftzodzrxozkavwistzxizowremk:


zzzzzzzEWzzzYWzzzCIzzzDCzzzHJzzzWHzzzMWzzzCPzzzWBzzz.VzzzWEzzz.W
zzzzzzzJHzzzKVzzzOFzzzJGzzzFSzzzC.zzzEKzzzPFzzzCTzzzPFzzzRWzzzJJ
zzzzzzzSFzzzTJzzzKCzzzHW


ekczrjmtzvittehizmtze.tozmkztjefizrozjekc.izetzYetiz6-euzMrzsiect,
okzto.armok,


zzzzTINIKzJAKCSICzVIKz.IDRz ITRISCE zDOSzFOMKRTzOKz.OXISzSMOzHSEKCIu








YJEFRISzNMM


Xizxm..zkoxzyoktmciszrjizy.ettzodztawtrmrarmokzymfjistzxjisizezkavwis
odze.fjewirtzesizatic,zrjizkavwiszekczyjomyizodze.fjewirtzcifikcmkh
okzezbi zxosczoszigamne.ikrzekczwimkhzaticzfismocmye.. zrjsoahjoar
rjizvittehiu

Mkzrjmtzy.ettzwi.okhzrjizvirjoctzodzNmhikisi,zFosre,zWieadosr,zTruzY s,
ekczvek zorjistuzRjitizvirjoctzcerizweybztinise.zjakcsicz iest,
warznesmermoktzodzrjivzesizyoktrekr. zeffiesmkhzetzkixzymfjistuzRji
.essewiizymfjis,zaticzdoszyovvakmyermokzwirxiikzhoniskvikrzcifesrvikrt,
mtzrjizNmhikisizymfjiszodzrjiz17rjzYikras uzRjizymfjiszcmtbzvirjoc
mtzfseyrmye.. zrjizNmhikisizymfjiszxmrjzsinisticze.fjewirtu

Mkzatmkhzrjitizymfjist,zrjisizmtzfsonmciczezkavwiszodzcmddisikrzymfjis
e.fjewirt,zatae.. zrxikr -tml,zekczieyjzymfjisze.fjewirzmtzmcikrmdmic
w zezcmddisikrz.irriszoszkavwisuzEzbi zxosczoszfjsetiz(oszbi zkavwis)
mtzehsiiczafokzw zrjizyossitfokcikrtuzRjizvittehizrozwizikymfjisiczmt
xsmrrikzmkz.mkitzyokremkmkhzezkavwiszodz.irristzxjmyjzmtzezva.rmf.i
odzrjizkavwiszodz.irristzodzrjizbi uzRjizbi zmtzxsmrrikzetzrjizdmstr
.mkiuzRjikzieyjzyo.avkzakciszez.irriszodzrjizbi zmtzikymfjisiczw zrji
ymfjisze.fjewirzfisremkmkhzrozrjerz.irriszodzrjizbi uzDoszilevf.i,
.irzatzrebizrjizvittehi,z"E..zsecmozvittehitzvatrzjisiedriszwizfar
mkzymfjis,"zxmrjzrjizbi zHsekr,zatmkhzrjizNmhikisizymfjisze.fjewirt
hmnikzwi.oxuzIeyjzodzrjitize.fjewirtzmtzmcikrmdmiczw zrjizdmstrzosz.idr
jekcz.irriszxjmyjzsifsitikrtzEzodzrjizrilruzXizrjatzxm..zatizmkzrask
rjize.fjewirtzwihmkkmkhzxmrjzH,zxmrjzS,zxmrjzE,zxmrjzK,zekczxmrjzRu


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzHzzzSzzzEzzzKzzzRzzzHzzzSzzzEzzzKzzzR

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzzz.zzz.zzzSzzzEzzzCzzzMzzzOzzzVzzzI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTzzzTzzzEzzzHzzzIzzzTzzzVzzzAzzzTzzzR
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJzzzIzzzSzzzIzzzEzzzDzzzRzzzIzzzSzzzW
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzFzzzAzzzRzzzMzzzKzzzYzzzMzzzFzzzJ
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzS


Atmkhzrjize.fjewirzmkcmyericzw zH,zxizhir


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzHzzzP
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzz 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKzzz.
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzBzzzR
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzB


Yokrmkamkhzdoszrjizorjisze.fjewirt,zxizhir


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzHzzzYzzz.zzzIzzzRzzzPzzzQzzzOzzzQzzzL
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzPzzzEzzzRzzzLzzz zzzCzzzAzzzDzzzV
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKzzzNzzzSzzzSzzzRzzz.zzzBzzzIzzzIzzzA
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzBzzzHzzzAzzzHzzzWzzzRzzzRzzzMzzzYzzzE
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzBzzzM


Rjmtzvirjoczodzessekhmkhzrjizvittehizmkroz.mkitzekczyo.avktzekczrjik
ikymfjismkhzxjo.izyo.avktzxmrjzieyjzymfjisze.fjewirzmtzvayjztjosris
rjekzrjizvirjoczodzjekc.mkhzieyjz.irriszodzrjizvittehiztifeseri. uzRji
yjekyizodzissoszmtze.tozhsier. zsicayicu

E..zrjitizymfjiszvirjoctzyekzwizofisericzw zviektzodztgaesitzyokremkmkh
rjiznesmoatze.fjewirt,zymfjiszcmtbtzoszessekhivikrtzodzdmliczekc
t.mcmkhze.fjewirtuzDoszilevf.i,zrjmtzxetzrjizosmhmke.zymfjiszod
Nmhikisi:


EzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQ
WzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzE
YzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzW
CzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzY
IzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzC
DzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzI
HzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzD
JzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzH
MzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJ
PzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzM
Bzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzP
.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzB
VzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.
KzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzV
OzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzK
FzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzO
GzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzF
SzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzG
TzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzS
RzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzT
AzzNzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzR
NzzXzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzA
XzzLzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzN
Lzz zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzX
 zzQzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzL
QzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzPzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz 


Rjizdmstrzjosmqokre.ze.fjewirzmtzrjize.fjewirzodzrjizf.emkzrilruzIeyj
tawtrmrarmokze.fjewirzmtzcitmhkericzw zrjiz.irriszerzrjiz.idrzodze
josmqokre.z.mkiuzDoszilevf.i,zmdzrjizbi zxosczmtzWEC,zrjiztiyokc,
dmstrzekczdoasrjze.fjewirtzesizaticzmkzraskzekczrjizxosczXM..zmt
ikymfjisiczLMOVu

Rjiz.essewiizymfjiszmtzvisi. zezt.mhjr. zcmddisikrzessekhivikrzod
rjizNmhikisizymfjiszekczmtzfsmkriczokzezyesczmkzrjmtzdosv:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz----------------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Q
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzewycidhjmpb.vkofgstranxl q
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz----------------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzWzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Q
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzwycidhjmpb.vkofgstranxl qe
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz----------------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Q
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzycidhjmpb.vkofgstranxl qew
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz----------------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzziryu
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz----------------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Q
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz qewycidhjmpb.vkofgstranxl
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz----------------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzQzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Q
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzqewycidhjmpb.vkofgstranxl 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz----------------------------------


Rjiz.eshiz.irristzerzrjiz.idrzesizrjiz.irristzodzrjizbi zxoscuzMr
xm..zwizkoriczrjerzrjitiz.irristzyossitfokczrozrjizdmstrz.irristzod
rjizymfjisze.fjewirtz(mkztve..z.irrist)zetzmkzrjizNmhikisizymfjisu

Ezvayjztmvf.iszessekhivikrzodzrjizNmhikisizymfjiszmtzrjizatizodze
dmliczekczt.mcmkhze.fjewiruzImrjiszrjizdmliczoszt.mcmkhze.fjewirzvatr
wizcoaw.izmkzosciszrozhirzyomkymcikyizdoszinis z.irriszxjikzEzmtztir
rozrjiz.irriszodzrjizbi zxoscu


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDmliczE.fjewirzodzRilr
zzzz|zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|
zzzz|EWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL QEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Qz|
zzzz+-----------------------------------------------------+
zzzzzzzzz|zzEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Qzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|
zzzzzzzzz|zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|
zzzzzzzzz|zzzzzzzVonew.izE.fjewirzodzYmfjiszzzzzzzzzz|
zzzzzzzzz+-------------------------------------------+


Etztjoxkzjisi,zEzodzrjizdmliczoszrilrze.fjewirzyomkymcitzxmrjzR
odzrjizvonew.izymfjisze.fjewiruzRjmtzmtzrjiztirrmkhzxjisizRzmtzrji
.irriszodzrjizbi zxosczmkzatiuzRjiz.oxiszvonew.ize.fjewirzmtzvonic
doszieyjz.irriszodzrjizvittehizekczrjizEzodzrjizdmlicze.fjewirzmt
vecizrozyomkymcizmkzraskzxmrjzieyjz.irriszodzrjizbi zwidosizrji
yossitfokcmkhz.irriszodzrjizrilrzmtzikymfjisicuzMrzmtzownmoat. 
ok. zeztrifzdsovzrjmtzessekhivikrzrozrjerzodzezymfjiszcmtb,zxjisi
rjizdmlicze.fjewir,z(eztmkh.izokizxm..zkoxztisni)zmtzfsmkriczmkze
ymsy.izekczrjizvonew.ize.fjewir,ze.tozmkzezymsy.i,zmtzokzeztifeseri
sorerew.izcmtbuzYomkymcikyizodzek z.irriszokzrjizcmtbzxmrjzEzodzrji
dmlicze.fjewirzmtzowremkiczw zsorermkhzrjizcmtbu

Rjizxi..zbkoxkzAuzTuzEsv zYmfjiszCmtbzjetzpatrztayjzekzessekhivikrzod
rjizdmlicze.fjewirzwarzrjize.fjewirzodzrjizcmtbzmtzsinisticuzRjmtzjet
tinise.zecnekrehitzmkztmvf.mymr zodzofisermokzwarzkokizmkzmkysietmkh
rjizmkciymfjisewm.mr zodzrjizymfjiszfsifesiczxmrjzmruzRjizessekhivikr
odzdmliczekczt.mcmkhze.fjewirtzxjmyjzmtzigamne.ikrzrozrjizAuzTuzEsv 
ymfjiszcmtbzmtzrjmt:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDmliczE.fjewir
zzzz|zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|
zzzz|zEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL QEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Qz|
zzzz+------------------------------------------------------+
zzzzzzzzzz|zzQ LXNARTSGFOKV.BPMJHDICYWEzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|
zzzzzzzzzz|zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|
zzzzzzzzzz|zzzzzzzzzzzzzVonew.izE.fjewirzzzzzzzzzzzzz|
zzzzzzzzzz+------------------------------------------+


Mrzxm..zwizkormyiczrjerzxmrjzrjmtzessekhivikrzodzsakkmkhzrjize.fjewirt
mkzoffotmrizcmsiyrmokt,zmrzwiyovitzmvverisme.zxjmyjze.fjewirzmtzatic
doszrjizrilrzekczxjmyjzdoszrjizymfjiszdoszmdzEz=zHzrjikzHz=zEuzRjmt
mtzkorzrsaizodzrjizNmhikisizymfjisu

Mrzmtzfisdiyr. zdietmw.izroztawtrmrarizezyesczdoszrjizAuzTuzEsv 
ymfjiszcmtbuzMrzxoa.czjenizrjmtzdosv:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Q
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzEQ LXNARTSGFOKV.BPMJHDICYW
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzWEQ LXNARTSGFOKV.BPMJHDICY
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzYWEQ LXNARTSGFOKV.BPMJHDIC
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzziryu
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz25zzz LXNARTSGFOKV.BPMJHDICYWEQ
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz26zzzQ LXNARTSGFOKV.BPMJHDICYWE


Rjizdmstrzjosmqokre.z.mkizmtzrjize.fjewirzodzrjizrilruzRjizorjis
rxikr -tmlz.mkitzesizrjizymfjisze.fjewirtzieyjzyossitfokcmkhzrozrji
.irriszodzrjizbi zxosczxjmyjzmtzerzrjiz.idrzodzrjiz.mkiu

OkizodzrjizymfjistzodzFosrezxetzfsifesiczxmrjzezyesczodzrjmtzbmkc:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-----------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEWzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.V
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKOFGSTRANXL Q
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-----------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYCzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.V
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzQKOFGSTRANXL 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-----------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIDzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.V
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz QEWYCIDHJMPB
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-----------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzziryu
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-----------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzXLzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.V
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFGSTRANXL QKO
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-----------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz QzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.V
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOFGSTRANXL QK
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-----------------------------


Mkzrjmtzymfjiszrjiz.eshiz.irristzerzrjiz.idrzyossitfokczrozrjiz.irrist
odzrjizbi zekc,zmkzieyjze.fjewir,zrjiz.oxisz.irriszmtztawtrmrariczdos
rjizaffiszekcznmyiznisteuzDoszilevf.i,zxmrjzbi zWECzrozikymfjiszXM..
xizxoa.czhirzPNL uzKorizrjerzxmrjzimrjiszWzoszEzetzrjizbi z.irris,
rjizdmstrze.fjewirzxoa.czwizaticu

EzyovwmkermokzodzrjizNmhikisizekczFosrezymfjistzmtzrjmt:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz----------------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Q
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Q
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz----------------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzWYzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Q
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL QE
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz----------------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCIzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Q
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL QEW
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz----------------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzziryu
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz----------------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzNXzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Q
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.VKOFGSTRANXL QEWYCIDHJMPB
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz----------------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzL zzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Q
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzVKOFGSTRANXL QEWYCIDHJMPB.
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz----------------------------------
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzQzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Q
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKOFGSTRANXL QEWYCIDHJMPB.V
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz----------------------------------


Jisizehemkzrjiz.eshiz.irristzerzrjiz.idrzyossitfokczrozrjiz.irrist
odzrjizbi zekc,zmkzieyjzfemszodze.fjewirt,zrjizaffiszokizmtzrjerzod
rjizf.emkzrilrzekczrjiz.oxiszmtzrjerzodzrjizymfjisu

Rjmtzymfjiszyekze.tozwizofisericzw zezdmliczekczt.mcmkhze.fjewiru


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDmliczE.fjewirzodzRilr:
zzzz|zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|
zzzz|zEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL QEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Qz|
zzzz+------------------------------------------------------+
zzzzzzzzzz|zEWYCIDHJMPB.VKOFGSTRANXL Qzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|
zzzzzzzzzz|zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|
zzzzzzzzzz|zzzzzzzzT.mcmkhzE.fjewirzodzYmfjiszzzzzzzz|
zzzzzzzzzz|zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMkcilzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|
zzzzzzzzzz+------------------------------------------+
zzzzzzzzzzzzWCDJP.KFSRNL
zzzzzzzzzzzEzzzzzzzzzzzzQzzzzzz.irristzodzBi u
zzzzzzzzzzzzYIHMBVOGTAX 


Rjizorjiszymfjistzvikrmokiczesizvisi. znesmermoktzodzrjitizrjerzjeni
wiikzcmtyatticuzMrzmtzmvverisme.,zmkzrjizdo..oxmkhzeke. tmt,zxjmyj
nesmir zjetzwiikzaticuzRjizeke. tmtzmtzsie.. zweticzokzxjerzyekzwi
cokizxmrjzezymfjiszvecizafzxmrjzezvmliczymfjisze.fjewirzxjmyjzve 
wizvoniczxmrjzsidisikyizrozrjizdmlicze.fjewirzodzrjizrilr,z(TiizYeti
7-w)uzY.ies. zrjmtzmtzezvayjzvosizcmddmya.rzfsofotmrmokzrjekzcie.mkh
xmrjzezymfjiszmkzxjmyjzrjizymfjisze.fjewirtzsakzmkzrjimszsiha.es
tigaikyi,zimrjiszweybxesczoszdosxescuzMkzdeyr,zmkzrjizeke. tmtzodzYeti
7,zxizve zyoktmciszek zymfjiszfsifesiczw zrjizvirjoczodzNmhikisizos
ek zodzmrtznesmermoktzetzeztfiyme.zekcztmvf.izyetiu

Mrzxetz.okhzehozcmtyonisiczrjer,zmkzek zymfjiszodzrjmtzy.ett,
(1)zrxoz.mbizhsoaftzodz.irristzmkzrjizymfjiszesizvotrzfsowew. zrji
sita.rzodzrxoz.mbizhsoaftzodz.irristzodzrjizrilrzikymfjisiczw zrji
tevize.fjewirtzekcz(2)zrjizkavwiszodz.irristzmkzokizhsoafzf.atzrji
kavwiszodz.irristzrozrjizwihmkkmkhzodzrjiztiyokczhsoafzmtzezva.rmf.i
odzrjizkavwiszodze.fjewirtzaticuzMrzmtzinmcikr,zodzyoasti,zrjerzxi
ve zjeniztmvm.eszhsoaftzmkzrjizymfjiszxjmyjzesizkorzrjizsita.rzod
ikymfjismkhztmvm.eszhsoaftzodzrjizrilrzw zrjiztevize.fjewirtzwarzmd
xizrebize..zsiyassmkhzhsoaftzmkzezvittehizekczmknitrmherizrjizkavwis
odzmkrisnikmkhz.irrist,zxizxm..zdmkczrjerzrjizveposmr zodztayjzyetit
xm..zyokdosvzrozrjitizrxozfsmkymf.itu

Yjekhmkhzrjizbi zxosczekczvittehizrozm..atrserizvosizy.ies. zrji
ewonizfomkrt,zrjizdo..oxmkhzmtzgaoriczdsovzrjizTmhke.zWoob,z1914,
xmrjzsidisikyizrozrjizatizodzrjizymfjiszcmtbzmkzfsifesmkhzezvittehi
xmrjzezbi zxoscuz[2]

"--Rjmtztmvf.izcmtbzyekzwizaticzxmrjzezymfjiszxosczos,zfsidisew. ,
ymfjiszxosct,zbkoxkzok. zrozrjizyossitfokcikrtuuuuzAtmkhzrjizbi zxosc
'cmtb'zrozikymfjiszrjizvittehiz'Esrm..is zyovvekciszxm..zoscisze..
haktzxmrjcsexk,'zxizxm..zfsoyiiczetzdo..oxt:zXsmrizoarzrjizvittehi
rozwizikymfjisiczekczewonizmrzxsmrizrjizbi zxosczuuuz.irriszonis
.irris,zrjat:


zzzzzzzzzzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|
zzzzzzzzCMTB|CMTB|CMTB|CMTB|CMTB|CMTB|CMTB|CMTB|CMTB|CMTB|CMT
zzzzzzzzESRM|..IS| YOV|VEKC|ISXM|..OS|CISE|..HA|KTXM|RJCS|EXK
zzzzzzzzzzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|
zzzzzzzzCSQY|TLOR|DHI |SMDJ|QSXY|TLIR|EIWB|TLVG|GGXY|LWFR|CVF
zzzzzzzzzzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|zzzz|


"Koxzwsmkhzrjiz'e'zodzrjizaffiszcmtbzakciszrjizdmstrz.irriszodzrji
bi zxosczokzrjiz.oxiszcmtb,zmkzrjmtzyetiz'C'uzRjizdmstrz.irriszod
rjizvittehizrozwizikymfjisiczmtz'E':z'c'zmtzdoakczrozwizrjiz.irris
yokkiyriczxmrjz'E',zekczmrzmtzfarzcoxkzetzrjizdmstrzymfjisz.irrisuzRji
.irrisz'e'zmtzrjikzwsoahjrzakcisz'M'zxjmyjzmtzrjiztiyokcz.irriszodzrji
bi zxoscuz'S'zmtzrozwizikymfjisiczekcz's'zmtzdoakczrozwizrjiztiyokc
ymfjisz.irrisuuuuzFsoyiiczmkzrjmtzvekkiszakrm.zrjiz.etrz.irriszodzrji
bi zxosczmtzaticzekczwihmkkmkhzehemkzxmrjzrjiz.irrisz'C',ztozyokrmkai
akrm.ze..z.irristzodzrjizvittehizjenizwiikzikymfjisicuzCmnmciczmkro
hsoaftzodzdmniz.irrist,zmrzxm..zwizetzdo..oxt:


zzzzzzzzz"CSQYTzLORDHzI SMDzJQSXYzTLIREzIWBTLzVGGGXzYBWFRzCVDu"


TozvayjzdoszrjizTmhke.zWoob;zkoxz.irzatzilevmkizrjizewonizvittehi
doszfemstzosztmvm.eszhsoaftzekczyoakrzrjizmkrisnikmkhz.irristzro
civoktrserizfsmkymf.itz(1)zekcz(2);


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYTL--YTLzzz16z=z4√ó4
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTL--TLzzzz16z=z4√ó4
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTL--TLzzzzz8z=z2√ó4
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzXY--XYzzzz16z=z4√ó4


Rjizbi zxosczvmhjrzyokremkz2,z4zosz8z.irristzdsovzrjizinmcikyizwarzxi
ve zi.mvmkeriz2zetzak.mbi. zekczfsifesermokzodzdsigaiky zrew.itzodzieyj
odzrjizdoasze.fjewirtzxoa.cztookztjoxzrjerz4zmtzrjizyossiyrzkavwisu

Ez.eriszekczvosizilriktmnizilevf.iz(Yetiz7-e)zxm..ztjox
femstzkorztifesericzw zva.rmf.itzodzrjizkavwiszodze.fjewirt
atic,zwarzrjizinmcikyizmkzkies. zinis zyetizxm..zwizfseyrmye.. 
yoky.atmniuzItfiyme.. zmtzrjmtztozmdzyjekyizettmtrtzatzw zhmnmkhzhsoaft
odzrjsiizoszvosiz.irristz.mbizrjizhsoafzYTLzmkzrjizewonizilevf.iuzRji
kavwiszodze.fjewirtzjenmkhzwiikzcirisvmkiczieyjze.fjewirzmtzjekc.ic
w zrjizvirjoctzodzYetiz6ze.siec zcmtyatticu




Yetiz7-eu--Rjizdo..oxmkhzvittehizeffiesiczmkzrjiz"fistoke."zyo.avk
odzez.okcokzfefis:


zzzz"VuzWuzXm..zcifotmrz¬£27z14tz5czrovossox,"


ekczrjizkilrzce zxizdmkczrjmtzoki:


VuWuzYRzOTWzAJHMzRFzMFIXDzJzYIXM.zKTRR.IzDPKNLzLR .TzDXBBJMzWP.TMzTG
NOMzWBTVzLVBA.zTBzKNFOKFKzHTXzO.uzMIEHzKFTMzJ PMTDQzY  zKFALGHzRFSPE
NLVLMzEFzIJNFFSzRJzXFFKI.uzANQAEzVV NTDzBKRTzQTQzAEPFGzC.VVPL.zPS
SEzFOSRI.OHPzYTA.RXKMzLVBAJXzLH.KzI.YFOX zO.uzA.PR.zWNPzR.WXRFQzL.C
BzQMTQKBzOT zC.zS PAEPTTHBuzR.DKTzANCzNNzDGHY .zDPJNTMz P.zKILNzFO
XRO.zF   JTJzHGWOJzEHQRMGzI DELz FVFzTGEzYMzLI NLKFFEMMzANzR.DRXVYzDA
XWXLHAJMXAuzEMMXHzJTMz PNRMzWPNzLVGKzTDLzCGWz.SR zRQzGRL.KMTNQuzHMDR
EMMzAGTPHPzOJQzLDOXDNzWBEMzYRX zCTXR.RRRFBDSJHzMNLzGYEDNzRFzCMMTzPWD
ITDzPTYzVYYDzJKHBzITWFzCPFGzK.AzYRXzSOTWzYTVu


RjizvittehitzmkzgaitrmokzeffiesiczmkzekzIkh.mtjzkixtfefisuzMrzmt
demszrozfsitavizrjikzrjerzrjizymfjiszmtzmkzIkh.mtjuzRjmtzmtzyjiybic
kihermni. zw zrjizdeyrzrjerzmrzyokremktzrjiz.irriszXzxjmyjzmtzkor
aticzmkzek zodzrjiz.ermkz.ekhaehitzekczrjerzrjiz.etrzdmdriikzxosctzod
rjizvittehizyoktmtrzodzdsovzrxozrozdoasz.irristzieyj,zekzmvfottmw.i
rjmkhzmkzHisvekuzMrzyokremktz108zhsoaftzxjmyjzesizfsowew. zxosct,
etzrjisizesiz473z.irristzoszekzenisehizodz4u4z.irristzfiszhsoaf,
xjm.izxizkosve.. zilfiyrzekzenisehizodzewoarz5z.irristzfiszhsoafuzRji
noxi.tzEIMOAzkavwisz90zekczrjiz.irristzPBGLQzkavwisz78uzMrzmtzrjat
eztawtrmrarmokzymfjisz(20%zodz473=94u6)u

Siyassmkhzxosctzekcztmvm.eszhsoaftzesizEMMXH,zEMM;zWBTV,zWBEM;zYR,
YRX ,zYRX;zC.VVPL.,zC.;zITD,zITWF;zDPKNL,zDPJNTM;zKFTM,zKFALGH;zOTW,
OT ,zSOTW;zO.,zO.;zFOSRI.OHP,zFO;zTG,zTGE;zRF,zRF;zR.WXRFQ,zR.DKT,
R.DRXVY;zANQAE,zANC,zAN;zLVBA.,zLVBAJX;z P.,z PNRMu




Dsigaiky zRew.izdoszrjizVittehi

EzzzWzzzYzzzCzzIzzzDzzzHzzzJzzzMzzzPzzzBzzz.zzzVzzzKzzzOzzzFzzzGzzzSzzTzzzRzzzAzzzNzzzXzzzLzzz zzzQ
15zz13zz15zz8zz13zz20zz16zz16zz30zz21zz13zz27zz14zz19zz15zz26zz13zz9zz33zz30zz17zz12zz19zz20zz19zz11


Rjmtzy.ies. zi.mvmkeritzYetitz4,z5zekcz6u

Sidissmkhzrozrjizsiyassmkhzxosctzekczhsoaftzewonizkoric,zxizdmhasi
rjizkavwiszodz.irristzwirxiikzieyju

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEMMzzzzuuuzzzEMMzzzzz45zzz=zzz3√ó3√ó5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzWBzzzzzuuuzzzWBzzzzz345zzz=zzz23√ó3√ó5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYRzzzzzuuuzzzYRzzzzz403zzzzzzzKozdeyrost
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYRXzzzzuuuzzzYRXzzzzz60zzz=zzz2√ó2√ó3√ó5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzC.zzzzzuuuzzzC.zzzzzz75zzz=zzz3√ó5√ó5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzITzzzzzuuuzzzITzzzzzz14zzz=zzz2√ó7
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDPzzzzzuuuzzzDPzzzzz187zzzzzzzKozdeyrost
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKFzzzzzuuuzzzKFzzzzzz14zzz=zzz2√ó7
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzO.zzzzzuuuzzzO.zzzzz120zzz=zzz2√ó2√ó2√ó3√ó5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOTzzzzzuuuzzzOTzzzzz220zzz=zzz11√ó2√ó2√ó5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOTWzzzzuuuzzzOTWzzzz465zzz=zzz31√ó3√ó5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFOzzzzzuuuzzzFOzzzzz105zzz=zzz7√ó3√ó5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTGzzzzzuuuzzzTGzzzzz250zzz=zzz2√ó5√ó5√ó5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzR.DzzzzuuuzzzR.Dzzzzz80zzz=zzz2√ó2√ó2√ó2√ó5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRFzzzzzuuuzzzRFzzzzz405zzz=zzz3√ó3√ó3√ó3√ó5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzANzzzzzuuuzzzANzzzzz115zzz=zzz23√ó5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzLVBAzzzuuuzzzLVBAzzz120zzz=zzz2√ó2√ó2√ó3√ó5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzANzzzzzuuuzzzANzzzzzz73zzzzzzzKozdeyrost
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz Pzzzzzuuuzzz Pzzzzzz85zzz=zzz17√ó5


Rjizcovmkekrzdeyroszmtzy.ies. z5,ztozxizve zyoktmciszrjerzdmni
e.fjewirtzxisizatic,zmkcmyermkhzezbi xosczodzdmniz.irristuzXsmrmkh
rjizvittehizmkz.mkitzodzdmniz.irristzieyjzekczvebmkhzezdsigaiky 
rew.izdoszieyjzodzrjizdmnizyo.avktztozdosvic,zxizdmkczrjizdo..oxmkh:


Dsigaiky zRew.it

Yo.avz1zzzzzzzzYo.avkz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYo.avkz3zzzzzzzYo.avkz4zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYo.avkz5

Ezz11zzzzzzzzzzEzz111111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzEzz1zzzzzzzzzzzEzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzz11
WzzzzzzzzzzzzzzWzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzWzz111zzzzzzzzzWzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzWzz1111111
Yzz1111111zzzzzYzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYzz111zzzzzzzzzYzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzY
Czz11zzzzzzzzzzCzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCzz1zzzzzzzzzzzCzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCzz111
Izz1111zzzzzzzzIzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIzz11zzzzzzzzzzIzz1111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzI
Dzz111zzzzzzzzzDzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDzz111111111zzzDzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDzz11111
Hzz111111111zzzHzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzHzz111zzzzzzzzzHzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzHzz11
Jzz111zzzzzzzzzJzz11111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJzz111zzzzzzzzzJzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJzz11
Mzz11zzzzzzzzzzMzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMzz1111111zzzzzMzz11111111111111111zzzMzz11
Pzz11111zzzzzzzPzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzPzz111111zzzzzzPzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzPzz111111111
Bzz111111zzzzzzBzz11111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzBzzzzzzzzzzzzzzBzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzBzz1
.zzzzzzzzzzzzzz.zz1111111111111111111zzz.zz11zzzzzzzzzz.zz11111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.zz1
VzzzzzzzzzzzzzzVzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzVzz1111111zzzzzVzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzVzz111
Kzz1111111zzzzzKzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKzz1111zzzzzzzzKzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKzz11111
Ozz11111zzzzzzzOzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOzz111111111zzzOzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzO
Fzz1111111zzzzzFzz1111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFzz11111111zzzzFzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzF
Gzz11111zzzzzzzGzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzGzzzzzzzzzzzzzzGzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzGzz111111
SzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSzz1zzzzzzzzzzzSzz111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzSzz1
TzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTzz11111111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzTzz111111zzzzzzTzz111111111111zzzzzzzzTzz1111111
Rzz1111111zzzzzRzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRzz11111zzzzzzzRzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRzz11111111111111
Azz1111111zzzzzAzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzAzz111111zzzzzzAzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzAzz1
Nzz11111zzzzzzzNzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzNzz11zzzzzzzzzzNzz11111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzN
Xzz111zzzzzzzzzXzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzXzzzzzzzzzzzzzzXzz11111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzXzz1111111
Lzz11zzzzzzzzzzLzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzLzz1111zzzzzzzzLzz11111111zzzzzzzzzzzzLzz111111
 zz1111zzzzzzzz zz11111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzz zz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zz1111111
QzzzzzzzzzzzzzzQzz11111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzQzz111zzzzzzzzzQzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzQzz111


Mkzrjizrew.izdoszYo.avkz1,zrjiz.irriszHzoyyastz9zrmvituz.irzat
yoktmciszmrzrikrermni. zetzIuzRjikzmdzrjizymfjisze.fjewirzsakt
siha.es. zekczmkzrjizcmsiyrmokzodzrjizsiha.esze.fjewir,zYz(7zrmvit)=E
ekczrjizymfjisze.fjewirzwiestzezy.otizsitivw.ekyizrozrjizsiha.es
dsigaiky zrew.iuzKorizRANz(=STR)zoyyassmkhzsitfiyrmni. z7,z7,zekcz5
rmvitzekczrjizkok-oyyassikyizodzW,z.,zV,zS,zT,zQ,z(=Q,zP,zB,zF,zG,
ekczLzsitfiyrmni. u)

Mkzrjizkilrzrew.i,z.zoyyastz19zrmvitzekczrebmkhzmrzdoszIzxmrjzrji
e.fjewirzsakkmkhzmkzrjiztevizxe ,zE=JuzRjizdmstrzxosczodzoaszvittehi,
YR,zrjatzwiyovitzEVzxjikzciymfjisiczxmrjzrjitizrxoze.fjewirtzekczrji
dmstrzrxoz.irristzodzrjizbi zesizYzJu

Tmvm.es. zmkzrjizrjmsczrew.izxizve zrebizimrjiszDzoszOzdoszI,zwarze
yetae.zilevmkermokztjoxtzrjerzrjizdosviszmtzyossiyrzekczE=Wz(inikzmd
xizxisiz.oobmkhzdoszeznoxi.zdoszrjizkilrz.irriszodzrjizbi xosc)u

Mkzrjizdoasrjzrew.i,zMzmtzy.ies. zIzekczE=IuzRjizdmdrjzrew.iztjoxt
R=14zekczP=9uzMdzxizrebizR=Izxizdmkczrjerzxizxoa.czjenizvek z.irrist
xjmyjztjoa.czkorzoyyasuzOkzrjizorjiszjekc,zmdzxizrebizP=Izrjik
R=Ozekczmkznmixzodzrjizvek zI'tze.siec zeyyoakriczdoszmkzrjizorjis
yo.avkt,zrjmtzve zwize..zsmhjruzMrzyjiybtzetzyossiyrzmdzxizeff. zrji
.etrzrjsiize.fjewirtzrozrjiztiyokczxosczodzoaszvittehi,zOTW,zxjmyj
ciymfjistzKOXuzAtmkhzrjitize.fjewirtzrozciymfjiszrjizxjo.izvittehi,
xizdmkczmrzrozsiec:


zzzz"VuzWuzEvzkoxztedizokzwoesczezweshizvoosiczwi.oxzRoxiszWsmchi
zzzzxjisizkozokizxm..zrjmkbzodz.oobmkhzdoszviuzJenizhooczdsmikct
zzzzwarz.mrr.izvoki zoxmkhzrozeyrmokzodzfo.myiuzRsatr,z.mrr.izhms.,
zzzz oaztrm..zwi.minizmkzv zmkkoyikyize.rjoahjzrjmkhtztiivzehemktr
zzzzviuzRjisizesizsietoktzxj zMztjoa.czkorzwizgaitrmokicuzTje..zrs zro
zzzzivwesbzwidosizrjizvetrzmkztovizoarxesczwoakcznitti.uzYsixtzxm..
zzzzkorzwiztysarmkmqicztoztjesf. zetzfettikhistuzRjisizesizrjotizxjo
zzzzxm..z.irz oazbkoxzv zvonivikrtuzDieszrjizfo.myizve zrevfiszxmrj
zzzz oaszyossitfokcikyizwarz.eriszokzxjikzjaizekczys zjenizcmiczcoxk
zzzzxm..z.irz oazbkoxze..u"


Rjizbi zrozrjmtzvittehizmtzYJWIDzxjmyjzmtzkorzmkri..mhmw.izetzezxosc
warzmdzfarzmkrozdmhasitzmkcmyermkhzrjerzrjiz2c,z7rj,z1tr,z4rj,zekc
5rjz.irriszwi okczrjizyossitfokcmkhz.irriszodzrjizvittehizjetzwiik
aticzrjizbi zwiyovitz27145zekczxizve zyokkiyrzmrzxmrjzrjiz"fistoke."
xjmyjzeffiesiczmkzrjiztevizfefiszrjizce zwidosizsiecmkh:


zzzz"VuzWuzXm..zcifotmrz¬£27z14tz5czrovossoxu"




Yetiz7-wu

Vittehi

zzzzzzzzzzzzzCC.SVzzzISH.VzzzAPR..zzzYJISTzzz.TOIIzzzTVIPA
zzzzzzzzzzzzzQPMVAzzzCEIITzzzCARCWzzzHAHFKzzzSYJOWzzzIGIMI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzOOEYCzzzIMOOHzzzYO.P.zzzFCANVzzzMHM LzzzGGROR
zzzzzzzzzzzzzCPYFPzzzOMT. zzzCAETMzzzAFDKIzzzEIYOWzzzOITJO
zzzzzzzzzzzzzWIRKCzzzGLAY zzz.AGO zzzIJ CAzzz.LFIGzzzDMLQI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzFCYKQzzzIKI.GzzzVPRTGzzzIYDMIzzzESKCKzzzIRTYD
zzzzzzzzzzzzzMDGTIzzzRCCKFzzzAAQJGzzzYCRLGzzzMSVISzzzH.LWI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzMGSLPzzzDWTGCzzz.CTNMzzzLAVRWzzzEIGIWzzz .IYO
zzzzzzzzzzzzzM YACzzzGRF TzzzNOGW.zzzA. SOzzz JIDVzzzO VA 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzSO VAzzzIGW.NzzzAWSI zzzHJ RGzzzYVAWSzzzIGROD
zzzzzzzzzzzzzNTCCAzzzCEDDTzzzYIWTNzzzRMO IzzzRY.GLzzzCNK.G
zzzzzzzzzzzzzL RTMzzzVQA.LzzzWELGSzzzIYNRCzzzIRHOWzzzYYA D
zzzzzzzzzzzzzRRKL.zzzAKIDTzzzMNMPSzzzQJTW zzz..RTM


Okzrjizfsi.mvmkes zcirisvmkermok,zxizjenizrjizdo..oxmkhzyoakrzod
.irristzoarzodzezrore.zodz385:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzzzzzzzzz8zzz.zzzzzzzz23zzzPzzzzzzzzz9
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzzzzzz38zzzKzzzzzzzz11zzzGzzzzzzzz22
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMzzzzzzzz19zzzSzzzzzzzz14zzzNzzzzzzzzz9
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOzzzzzzzz21zzzTzzzzzzzz20zzzLzzzzzzzz13
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzAzzzzzzzz24zzzRzzzzzzzz21zzzQzzzzzzzzz6

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRore.zzz110zzzRore.zzzz89zzzRore.zzzz59
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz28%zzzzzzzzzzz23%zzzzzzzzzzz15%


Inis z.irriszilyifrzBzekczXzoyyastzerz.ietrztmlzrmvituzXizve zte zrjik
rjerzmrzmtzeztawtrmrarmokzymfjis,zTfekmtjzrilr,zekczyisremk. zkorzYeti
4,z5zosz6uzXizxm..zkoxzeke. qizmrzdoszsiyassmkhzfemstzoszhsoaftzro
cirisvmki,zmdzmrzwizYetiz7,zjoxzvek ze.fjewirtzxisizaticuzRjizdo..oxmkh
mtzezyovf.iriz.mtrzodztayjzsiyassmkhzhsoaftzekczfemstzxmrjzrjizkavwis
odz.irristzmkrisnikmkhzekczrjizdeyrostzrjisioduzMkzxosbzodzrjmtzbmkc,
rjizhsoaftzodzrjsiizoszvosiz.irristzesize.xe tzvayjzvosizne.aew.i
rjekztmkh.izfemstuzDoszilevf.i,zrjizhsoaft,zJOWI,zO VA,zSVISH.zekc
AWSIztjox,zxmrjoarzgaitrmok,zrjerztmlze.fjewirtzxisizaticuzMrzmtzkor
kiyittes ,zetzezsa.i,zrozvebizezyovf.iriz.mtrz.mbizrjizdo..oxmkh:


EIzzzzz74=2√ó37zzzzzzzzzzMIzzzzz110=2√ó5√ó11zzzzzzzzzzSIzzzzzzz50=2√ó5√ó5
EIzzzzz120=2√ó2√ó2√ó3√ó5zzzzMVzzzzz302=2√ó151zzzzzzzzzzzSVISH.zzz198=2√ó3√ó3√ó11
WIzzzzz88=2√ó2√ó2√ó11zzzzzzMOzzzzz250=2√ó5√ó5√ó5zzzzzzzzzTYzzzzzzz132=2√ó2√ó3√ó11
YCzzzzz132=2√ó2√ó3√ó11zzzzzMLzzzzz78=2√ó3√ó13zzzzzzzzzzzTCzzzzzzz262=2√ó131
YDMzzzz12=2√ó2√ó3zzzzzzzzz. zzzzz158=2√ó79zzzzzzzzzzzzTMzzzzzzz230=2√ó5√ó23
YJzzzzz36=2√ó2√ó3√ó3zzzzzzzPRzzzzz150=2√ó3√ó5√ó5zzzzzzzzzTMzzzzzzz34=2√ó17
YOzzzzz42=2√ó3√ó7zzzzzzzzz..zzzzz367zKozdeyrostzzzzzzTMzzzzzzz264=2√ó2√ó2√ó3√ó11
YOzzzzz126=2√ó3√ó3√ó7zzzzzz.Gzzzzz164=2√ó2√ó41zzzzzzzzzzTMzzzzzzz12=2√ó2√ó3
YAzzzzz114=2√ó3√ó19zzzzzzz.GLzzzz6=2√ó3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzT.zzzzzzz78=2√ó3√ó13
CCzzzzz186=2√ó3√ó31zzzzzzz.Azzzzz124=2√ó2√ó31zzzzzzzzzzTGzzzzzzz54=2√ó3√ó3√ó3
CCzzzzz116=2√ó2√ó29zzzzzzz.Azzzzz110=2√ó5√ó11zzzzzzzzzzTNzzzzzzz27=3√ó3√ó3
CIzzzzz285=5√ó57zzzzzzzzz.Azzzzz234=2√ó3√ó3√ó13zzzzzzzzTNzzzzzzz63=3√ó3√ó7
C.zzzzz218=2√ó109zzzzzzzz.Lzzzzz66=2√ó3√ó11zzzzzzzzzzzTNzzzzzzz90=2√ó3√ó3√ó5
CKzzzzz14=2√ó7zzzzzzzzzzz.LWzzzz132=2√ó2√ó3√ó11zzzzzzzzRCzzzzzzz47zKozdeyrost
CGzzzzz120=2√ó2√ó2√ó3√ó5zzzz. zzzzz158=2√ó79zzzzzzzzzzzzRCzzzzzzz165=3√ó5√ó11
CAzzzzz36=2√ó2√ó3√ó3zzzzzzzVIzzzzz22=2√ó11zzzzzzzzzzzzzRCzzzzzzz96=2√ó2√ó2√ó2√ó2√ó3
CAzzzzz24=2√ó2√ó2√ó3zzzzzzzVAzzzzz24=2√ó2√ó2√ó3zzzzzzzzzzRKzzzzzzz239zKozdeyrost
CAzzzzz38=2√ó19zzzzzzzzzzVAzzzzz240=2√ó2√ó2√ó2√ó3√ó5zzzzzRTzzzzzzz14=2√ó7
CAzzzzz165=3√ó5√ó11zzzzzzzVAzzzzz18=2√ó3√ó3zzzzzzzzzzzzRTzzzzzzz156=2√ó2√ó3√ó13
IEzzzzz30=2√ó3√ó5zzzzzzzzzKCzzzzz47zKozdeyrostzzzzzzzRTMzzzzzz50=2√ó5√ó5
IWzzzzz78=2√ó3√ó13zzzzzzzzKIzzzzz48=2√ó2√ó2√ó2√ó3zzzzzzzzAWSIzzzzz12=2√ó2√ó3
IYzzzzz180=2√ó2√ó3√ó3√ó5zzzzKIzzzzz18=2√ó3√ó3zzzzzzzzzzzzACzzzzzzz60=2√ó2√ó3√ó5
IYOzzzz126=2√ó3√ó3√ó7zzzzzzKIzzzzz192=2√ó2√ó2√ó2√ó2√ó2√ó3zzzACEzzzzzz270=2√ó3√ó3√ó3√ó5
IITzzzz14=2√ó7zzzzzzzzzzzOWzzzzz6=2√ó3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzA.zzzzzzz114=2√ó3√ó19
IDzzzzz105=3√ó5√ó7zzzzzzzzOWzzzzz234=2√ó3√ó3√ó13zzzzzzzzA.Lzzzzzz198=2√ó3√ó3√ó11
IMzzzzz8=2√ó2√ó2zzzzzzzzzzOIzzzzz93=3√ó31zzzzzzzzzzzzzA zzzzzzz89zKozdeyrost
IMzzzzz152=2√ó2√ó2√ó19zzzzzOMzzzzz144=2√ó2√ó2√ó2√ó3√ó3zzzzzAQzzzzzzz162=2√ó3√ó3√ó3√ó3
IGzzzzz88=2√ó2√ó2√ó11zzzzzzOOzzzzz7zKozdeyrostzzzzzzzzNMzzzzzzz148=2√ó2√ó37
IGzzzzz264=2√ó2√ó2√ó3√ó11zzzO zzzzz6=2√ó3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzNRzzzzzzz33=3√ó11
IGzzzzz44=2√ó2√ó11zzzzzzzzO zzzzz46=2√ó23zzzzzzzzzzzzzLGzzzzzzz114=2√ó3√ó19
IGIzzzz176=2√ó2√ó2√ó2√ó11zzzO VAzzz6=2√ó3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzLGzzzzzzz144=2√ó2√ó2√ó2√ó3√ó3
ISzzzzz12=2√ó2√ó3zzzzzzzzzFCzzzzz75=3√ó5√ó5zzzzzzzzzzzzLAzzzzzzz99=3√ó3√ó11
ITzzzzz78=2√ó3√ó13zzzzzzzzGW.zzzz24=2√ó2√ó2√ó3zzzzzzzzzz Izzzzzzz184=2√ó2√ó2√ó23
IRzzzzz135=3√ó3√ó5zzzzzzzzGYzzzzz95=5√ó19zzzzzzzzzzzzz .zzzzzzz106=2√ó53
IRzzzzz9=3√ó3zzzzzzzzzzzzGIzzzzz108=2√ó2√ó3√ó3√ó3zzzzzzz .zzzzzzz144=2√ó2√ó2√ó2√ó3√ó3
IRzzzzz54=2√ó3√ó3√ó3zzzzzzzGIzzzzz68=2√ó2√ó17zzzzzzzzzzz Vzzzzzzz6=2√ó3
IRzzzzz31zKozdeyrostzzzzGSzzzzz132=2√ó2√ó3√ó11zzzzzzzz SOzzzzzz12=2√ó2√ó3
JIzzzzz245=5√ó7√ó7zzzzzzzzGROzzzz210=2√ó3√ó5√ó7zzzzzzzzzQIzzzzzzz6=2√ó3
JOWIzzz66=2√ó3√ó11zzzzzzzzGLzzzzz198=2√ó3√ó3√ó11zzzzzzzzQJzzzzzzz183=3√ó61


Oarzodzokizjakcsiczekczokizsiyassmkhzfemstzxizjenizdmdr zxmrjzrji
deyrostz2√ó3=6;zoarzodzrxi.nizsiyassmkhzrsmf.irt,zkmkizjenizrjiti
deyrost;zekczrjizdoaszsiyassmkhzhsoaftzodzdoaszoszvosiz.irristze..zjeni
rjitizdeyrostuzRjizfisyikrehitzesizsitfiyrmni. z49u5%,z75%zekcz100%
ekczxizve zwizyisremkzdsovzrjmtzrjerztmlze.fjewirtzxisizaticuzWar,
widosizrjiztmlzdsigaiky zrew.itzesizvecizaf,zrjisizmtzokizvosizfomkr
rozwizyoktmcisic;zxj zesizrjisiztozvek zsiyassmkhzhsoaftzxjmyjzcozkor
jeniztmlzetzezdeyros?zRjizektxiszmtzrjerzokizoszvosizodzrjize.fjewirt
mtzsifiericzmkzieyjzy y.i;zrjerzmt,zezbi zxosczodzrjizdosvzJENEKEzjet
wiikzaticuzMdzrjmtzxisizrjizbi zxosc,zrjiztiyokc,zdoasrjzekcztmlrj
e.fjewirtzxoa.czwizrjizteviuzXizxm..ztiiz.eriszrjerzmkzrjmtzilevf.i
rjiztiyokczekcztmlrjze.fjewirtzesizrjiztevizekczrjmtzmkrsocayitzrji
hsierzkavwiszodzsiyassmkhzhsoaftzxmrjoarzrjizdeyrosz6u

Xizxm..zkoxzfsoyiiczrozvebizezdsigaiky zrew.izdoszieyjze.fjewiruzEt
rjizvittehizmtzxsmrrikzmkzrjmsr zyo.avkt,zxizrebizrjizdmstr,ztinikrj,
rjmsriikrj,ziryu,zetzyoktrmrarmkhzrjizdmstrze.fjewir;zrjiztiyokc,
imhjrj,zdoasriikrj,ziryu,zetzyoktrmrarmkhzrjiztiyokcze.fjewirzekc
tozokuzRjizfsidmlzekcztaddmlz.irriszmtzkoriczdoszieyjzoyyassikyi
odzieyjz.irrisuzRjizmvfosrekyizodzrjmtzxm..zwizeffsiymericzxjikzrji
dosvzodzrjizdsigaiky zrew.itzmtzilevmkicuzKokizwiestzek zsitivw.ekyi
rozrjizkosve.zdsigaiky zrew.izilyifrzrjerzieyjzmtzinmcikr. zezvmlic
afze.fjewiruzRjizkavwistzedrisz"Fsidml"zekcz"Taddml"zsidiszrozrji
e.fjewirzrozxjmyjzrjitizwi.okh,zdoszyoknikmikyizmkzdarasizsidisikyiu


zzzzDsigaiky zRew.it

zzzzDmstrzE.fjewir

zzzz.irriszzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFsidmlz(6)zzzzzzzTaddmlz(2)

zzzzEzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzCACzzzzzzzzzzzzzzITD
zzzzWzz11111111zzzzzzzzzz8zzzOOODIIOTzzzzzzzzzIOIT TY 
zzzzYzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzCzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzR RzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCPAC
zzzzIzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzIzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzT
zzzzDzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzHzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzJzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzMzz11111111zzzzzzzzzz8zzzIODDIONTzzzzzzzzzOTIDG P
zzzzPzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzz.zz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzOzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzP
zzzzVzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzDzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzO
zzzzKzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzDICAzzzzzzzzzzzzzIIII
zzzzOzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzIzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzO
zzzzFzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzHIzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKC
zzzzGzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzAIOIzzzzzzzzzzzzzODWW
zzzzSzz1111111zzzzzzzzzzz7zzzIII  WWzzzzzzzzzzHTHOOII
zzzzTzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzCzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzN
zzzzRzz11111111zzzzzzzzzz8zzzPAPVG NDzzzzzzzzz.CTWFGCR
zzzzAzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzNzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzADzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzVT
zzzzLzz111111zzzzzzzzzzzz6zzz GRGGEzzzzzzzzzzzGAGC G
zzzz zz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzOzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzI
zzzzQzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzAAVzzzzzzzzzzzzzzPJA


zzzzTiyokczE.fjewir

zzzz.irriszzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFsidmlz(1)zzzzzzzTaddmlz(3)

zzzzEzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzWzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzRGGzzzzzzzzzzzzzzE..
zzzzYzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzWzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzY
zzzzCzz111111zzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzCRFCLRzzzzzzzzzzz.WYKNI
zzzzIzz11111111111z1zzzzz1zzzEWKWKMKSS KzzzzzzIOER.ER GRD
zzzzDzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzGMEzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMGD
zzzzHzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzSSzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz..
zzzzJzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzQzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzO
zzzzMzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzPzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzQ.CMzzzzzzzzzzzzzM.YS
zzzz.zz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzRzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
zzzzVzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzNzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzM
zzzzKzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzFzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzS
zzzzOzz1111111zzzzzzzzzzz7zzzOMWGSVSzzzzzzzzzzEOI    
zzzzFzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzRzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
zzzzGzz11111zzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzLLMRLzzzzzzzzzzzzOMSYS
zzzzSzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzTzz11111111zzzzzzzzzz8zzzSIMERWNWzzzzzzzzz.V.MGGCN
zzzzRzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzRzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzK
zzzzAzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzLCQzzzzzzzzzzzzzzY..
zzzzNzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzTzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzM
zzzzLzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzz zz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzWMLWzzzzzzzzzzzzz.YR.
zzzzQzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0


zzzzRjmsczE.fjewir

zzzz.irriszzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFsidmlz(2)zzzzzzzTaddmlz(4)

zzzzEzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzOIIWzzzzzzzzzzzzzYISI
zzzzWzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzCzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzH
zzzzYzz111111zzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzPAC GYzzzzzzzzzzzF KAVA
zzzzCzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzTzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzC
zzzzIzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzIOCzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTTR
zzzzDzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzDIzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTT
zzzzHzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzJzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzMzz111111zzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzPVTDGNzzzzzzzzzzzVHALSL
zzzzPzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzz.zz11111111111111zzz14zzzCH.TPTAIH WWA zzzSVYTF LGLIANL.
zzzzVzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzTzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzI
zzzzKzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzCRzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFL
zzzzOzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzOzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzH
zzzzFzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzGzz1111111zzzzzzzzzzz7zzzIGTDJTIzzzzzzzzzzIRITYCR
zzzzSzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzKGGPzzzzzzzzzzzzzYLIQ
zzzzTzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzRzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzIII zzzzzzzzzzzzzKTYT
zzzzAzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzNzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzTCzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRK
zzzzLzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzz zz111111zzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzOFOOOIzzzzzzzzzzzITJVVH
zzzzQzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0


zzzzDoasrjzE.fjewir

zzzz.irriszzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFsidmlz(3)zzzzzzzTaddmlz(5)

zzzzEzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzWzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzYzz11111zzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzz.SEGRzzzzzzzzzzzzJJCC.
zzzzCzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzGCzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.A
zzzzIzz11111111zzzzzzzzzz8zzzVGE GE.SzzzzzzzzzPMYJYGYY
zzzzDzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzHzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzWOM zzzzzzzzzzzzzAYMJ
zzzzJzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzI
zzzzMzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzPzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzz.zz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzz.zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzR
zzzzVzz11111zzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzz.M  YzzzzzzzzzzzzAAAAA
zzzzKzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzRYNzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCQ.
zzzzOzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzFzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzz.YKzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCPA
zzzzGzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzz.zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzV
zzzzSzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzz.EMzzzzzzzzzzzzzzVKV
zzzzTzz111111111zzzzzzzzz9zzz.IIRG DRDzzzzzzzzOCJYINYMM
zzzzRzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzGGNIzzzzzzzzzzzzzOOMH
zzzzAzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzMY.YzzzzzzzzzzzzzFC. 
zzzzNzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzz.zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzA
zzzzLzz1111111zzzzzzzzzzz7zzz.M.SM.KzzzzzzzzzzFQWAW.
zzzz zz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzz.YzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzC.P
zzzzQzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzSzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJ


zzzzDmdrjzE.fjewir

zzzz.irriszzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFsidmlz(4)zzzzzzzTaddmlz(6)

zzzzEzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzWzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzLLzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIE
zzzzYzz1111111zzzzzzzzzzz7zzzHCCTCTCzzzzzzzzzzOODDOIN
zzzzCzz111111zzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzTYF KYAzzzzzzzzzzAIAAGRG
zzzzIzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzTJzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRF
zzzzDzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzHzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzAzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzR
zzzzJzz111111zzzzzzzzzzzz6zzzYYTCHQzzzzzzzzzzzIOO  T
zzzzMzz11111zzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzIHRTTzzzzzzzzzzzzI OVN
zzzzPzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzIFLzzzzzzzzzzzzzzAOF
zzzz.zz111111zzzzzzzzzzzz6zzz CAYKLzzzzzzzzzzzAC GGA
zzzzVzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzSGSzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIPI
zzzzKzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzSzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzC
zzzzOzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzTRRzzzzzzzzzzzzzzIRD
zzzzFzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzALzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDI
zzzzGzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzIzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzI
zzzzSzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzTzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzRzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzz.zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzT
zzzzAzz1111111111zzzzzzz10zzzVVHFLVVNVCzzzzzzzPCHAV IWWC
zzzzNzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzTzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzO
zzzzLzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzz zz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzAzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzD
zzzzQzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzLKzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzII


zzzzTmlrjzE.fjewir

zzzz.irriszzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzFsidmlz(5)zzzzzzzTaddmlz(1)

zzzzEzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzWzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzL
zzzzWzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzAAzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSS
zzzzYzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzCzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzAK.AzzzzzzzzzzzzzEKTE
zzzzIzz1111111111111zzzz13zzzVJOMCFQQVWGAYzzzzSSIOMGFKSMWGW
zzzzDzz1111111zzzzzzzzzzz7zzzFYYPIOYzzzzzzzzzzKMMWVNR
zzzzHzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzAzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzF
zzzzJzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzMzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzPzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzAVzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRR
zzzz.zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzVzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzAMzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRQ
zzzzKzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzOzz111111111zzzzzzzzz9zzzJYPYJYNMHzzzzzzzzW.MWWMG W
zzzzFzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzGzz1111zzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzzCC..zzzzzzzzzzzzzLRLL
zzzzSzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0
zzzzTzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzJRzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzWM
zzzzRzz111zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzOICzzzzzzzzzzzzzzCCL
zzzzAzz1111111zzzzzzzzzzz7zzzPCCC.A.zzzzzzzzzzQRNEGQK
zzzzNzz11zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzYMzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRM
zzzzLzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0zzzM
zzzz zz11111zzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzMJ.AJzzzzzzzzzzzzLCSSR
zzzzQzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz0


Xizxm..zkoxztirzcoxkztovizodzrjizcirisvmkermoktzxjmyjzyekzwizvecizer
okyizdsovzrjitizdsigaiky zrew.ituzY.ies. ztinise.zvmlicze.fjewirtzjeni
wiikzaticuzEtzxetzrozwizilfiyriczdsovzrjizeke. tmtzodzrjizsiyassmkh
hsoaft,zxizkorizrjerzrjizdsigaiky zrew.itzdosze.fjewirtz2zekcz6zesi
odztozkies. zrjiztevizhikise.zdosvzrjerzyisremk. zrjitizrxoze.fjewirt
esizokizekczrjizteviuzMdzezTfekmtjzxosczjetzwiikzaticzetzezbi zxosc,
rjmtzviektzrjerzEzmtzfsowew. zsifsitikriczw zeznoxi.zmkzrjitizrxo
e.fjewirtzekczfsowew. zigae.tzEzoszO,zwiyeatizrjitizrxoz.irristzesi
tayjzyovvokzdmke.tzmkzTfekmtju

1trzE.fjewiruzFsowew.iznoxi.tzR,zL;zfsowew.izyovvokzyoktokekrt,zW,zM,
K,zSuzXizyoky.acizrjmtzwiyeatizodzrjizdsigaiky zodzoyyassikyizodzRzekc
Lzekczrjiznesmir zodzrjimszfsidmlitzekcztaddmlituzOkzrjizorjiszjekc,zW,
M,zK,zekczSzjenizdoszfsidmlitzekcztaddmlit,zmkzezveposmr zodzyetit,zI,
D,zOzekczTzxjmyjzesizrjizfsowew.iznoxi.tzmkzrjiz2czekcz6rjze.fjewirtu

2czekcz6rjzE.fjewirtu--Fsowew.iznoxi.tzI,zD,zO,zT;zfsowew.izyovvok
yoktokekrt,zC,zP,zG,zA,z u

3czE.fjewiru--Fsowew.iznoxi.tzY,zM,z.;zfsowew.izyovvokzyoktokekrtzE,
G,zR,z u

4rjzE.fjewiru--Fsowew.iznoxi.t,zI,zH,zT,zR;zfsowew.izyovvokzyoktokekrt,
Y,zV,zK,zF,zA,zLu

5rjzE.fjewiru--Fsowew.iznoxi.t,zC,z.,zA;zfsowew.izyovvokzyoktokekrt,
Y,zJ,zMu

Koxzrjmtzymfjiszve zjenizwiikzvecizafzdsovzdmnizcmtrmkyrze.fjewirt
xmrjz.irristzyjotikzerzsekcovzwarzmrzmtzvayjzvosiz.mbi. zrozjeni
wiikzfsifesiczxmrjzezymfjiszcmtbzoszigamne.ikr,zjenmkhzrjizsiha.es
e.fjewirzokzrjizdmliczcmtbzekczrjizvmlicze.fjewirzokzrjizvonew.i
cmtbuzEkzigamne.ikrzdosvzodzeffeseratz(korzatmkhzrjizvmlicze.fjewir
mkzgaitrmok)zmtzokiz.mbizrjmt:


zzzz|zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDmliczE.fjewirzodzRilrzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|
zzzz|zzzEWYCIDHJMP.VKOFGSTRANL QEWYCIDHJMP.VKOFGSTRANL Qzzz|
zzzz+------------------------------------------------------+
zzzzzzzzz|zzzzzzzzzzFYPNSGQWEOCDTARVLM J.HIKzzzzzzzz|
zzzzzzzzz|zzzzzzzzzVonew.izE.fjewirzodzYmfjiszzzzzzzz|
zzzzzzzzz+-------------------------------------------+


JisizEzodzrjizf.emkzrilrzmtzikymfjisiczw zTzekczrjizorjisz.irristzyovi
etzrji zxm..uzMdzxizvonizrjizymfjisze.fjewirzokiztfeyizrozrjiz.idr,
Ezxm..zwizikymfjisiczw zAzekczrjizxjo.iztigaikyizodzrjize.fjewirzxm..
wizyjekhicu

Xizxm..zrjisidosizatiztoviztayjzdosvzetzrjizewonizekcztiizmdzxizyek
mktisrzoasz.irrist,zetzrji zesizcirisvmkic,zmkztayjzezxe zetzrozjeni
ieyjzodzrjizymfjiszt.mftzmcikrmye.uzXizve ztresrzrjat:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMP.VKOFGSTRANL QEWYCIDHJMP.VKOFGSTRANL Q
zzzz1trzE.fjewirzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzrzzzl
zzzz2czzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzo.zgimzvtzzczyza
zzzz3czzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzo.zgimzvtzzczyza
zzzz4rjzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzo.zgimzvtzzczyza
zzzz5rjzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzczyzazzzzzzo.zgimzzvt
zzzz6rjzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzo.zgimzvtzzczyzza


Mkzrjiz1trze.fjewir,zRzekczLzesizf.eyiczetzEzekczIzsitfiyrmni. zokzrji
wetmtzodzdsigaiky uzMkzrjiz2czekcz6rjze.fjewirt,zOzekczIzesizf.eyiczet
EzekczIzsitfiyrmni. zokzrjizwetmtzodzdsigaiky uzMkzrjiz4rjze.fjewir,
IzekczTzesizf.eyiczetzEzekczI,zekczmkzrjiz5rj,zC,zAzekcz.zesizf.eyic
etzE,zIzekczOzdoszrjiztevizsietokuzXizkoxzjenizekzilyittzodzI'tzekc
ezcidmymiky zodzE't,zxjmyjzxm..zwizyossiyriczmd,zmkzrjiz3cze.fjewir,
xizf.eyiz.,zMzekczYzetzE,zIzekczOzsitfiyrmni. uzEtzezyjiyb,zrjmt
hmnitzatzRO.ICOzetzrjizbi zxoscu

Mkzrjiztiyokcze.fjewir,zOzmtzdoasz.irristzrozrjiz.idrzodzI;zxizve 
f.eyizOzdoasz.irristzrozrjiz.idrzodzIzmkzrjizdoasrjzekczmrzyovitzakcis
NuzKorizrjerzmkzrjizdoasrjzdsigaiky zrew.izOz(=N)zcoitzkorzoyyasuzMk
rjiztevizxe zmkzrjizdoasrjze.fjewir,zTzmtzdoasz.irristzrozrjizsmhjr
odzI;zf.eymkhzmrzmkzrjiztevizfotmrmokzxmrjzsitfiyrzrozIzmkzrjiztiyokc
ekcztmlrj,zxizjenizTzakciszMuzXizjenize.siec zkoriczrjerzTzfsowew. 
sifsitikrtzeznoxi.zmkzrjitizrxoze.fjewirtuzMkzrjmtzxe ,zxizve zecc
CzekczAzrozrjizrjmscze.fjewirzdsovzrjimszfotmrmokzmkzrjizdmdrjzxmrj
sitfiyrzroz.zekczxizve zecczMzekczOzrozrjizdmdrjzdsovzrjimszfotmrmok
mkzrjizrjmsczxmrjzsitfiyrzroz.uzMkzinis zyetizxizyjiybzsita.rtzdsov
rjizdsigaiky zrew.itzekczdmkczkorjmkhzak.mbi. zmkzrjizsita.rtu

Koxzmkzrjiztiyokczekcztmlrj,z.irzatzrs zG,zCzekczAzetzC,zKzekczS
sitfiyrmni. uzXizve zecczrjitiz.irristzrozrjizrjmsc,zdoasrjzekc
dmdrjze.fjewirtzw zrjizvirjoczodzowtisnmkhzrjizkavwiszodz.irristzro
rjizsmhjrzosz.idrzodztoviz.irrisze.siec zdmlicuzXizkoxzeccz.zrozrji
tiyokc,zrjmsc,zdoasrjzekcztmlrjzdsovzmrtzfotmrmokzxmrjzsidisikyizro
CzekczAzmkzrjizdmdrjuzVzmtzfsowew. zCzmkzrjizdoasrjzekczxizve zecc
mrzrozieyjzodzrjize.fjewirt,zilyifrzrjizdmstr,zmkzrjiztevizxe uzRji
rew.izmtzkoxzyovf.irizetztjoxku

.irzatzrs zrjitiz.irristzokzrjizdmstrz.mkizodzrjizvittehizekcztiizmd
tovizorjisz.irristzxm..zwizti.d-inmcikru


E.fjewirzzzzz1z2z3z4z5z6z1z2z3z4z5z6z1z2z3z4z5z6z1z2z3z4z5z6z1z2z3z4z5z6
VittehizzzzzzCzCz.zSzVzIzSzHz.zVzAzPzRz.z.zYzJzIzSzTz.zTzOzIzIzTzVzIzPzA
Ciymfjisiczzz_zKzEz_zAzIz_z_zEzCzIz_zEzWzEz.z_zIz_zMzEzIzKzIz_zMzHzEz_zS


Sidissmkhzrozoaszdsigaiky zrew.itzetzezyjiybzokztaffotmrmokt,zxizdmkc
inis rjmkhzehsiitzxi..zikoahjzmdzxizettavizrjizdmstrz.mkizrozsiec:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzAKEDAISQEzCIzYEWE..ISMEzIKIVMHE


Xizxm..zkoxzfarzrjizkix. zdoakcz.irristzmkzrjizrew.iuzRjiz.irrist
fsinmoat. zdoakczesizmkzyefmre.tzekczrjizkixz.irristzmkztve..
.irristuzRjizeccmrmokzodzCz(=A)zrozrjizdmstrze.fjewirzfisvmrtzat
rozeccze..zrjiz.irristzodzrjizorjisze.fjewirtzrozrjizdmstrzw zrji
virjoctze.siec zcmtyatticuzIeyjzodzrjizorjisz.irristzve zrjikzwi
ecciczrozinis ze.fjewirzw zrjitizvirjoct:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMP.VKOFGSTRANL QEWYCIDHJMP.VKOFGSTRANL Q
zzzzzzzzz1trzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRzzzljho.pgimzvtszzczyza
zzzzzzzzz2czzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzrzzzljhO.pGIMzVTszzCzYzA
zzzzzzzzz3czzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzrzzzljhO.pGIMzVTszzCzYzA
zzzzzzzzz4rjzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzrzzzljhO.pGIMzVTszzCzYzA
zzzzzzzzz5rjzzzzzzzzrzzzljhO.pGIMzVTszzCzYzA
zzzzzzzzz6rjzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzrzzzljhO.pGIMzVTszzCzYzA


Okize.fjewirzyjiybtzekorjiszmkzrjmtzxe zekczxizdmkczinis rjmkhzro
dmrztozdesuzXizxm..zciymfjiszezdixzxosctzvosizodzrjizymfjiszvittehi
w zrjizewonize.fjewirtzekcztiizmdzxizyekzcirisvmkiztovizkixz.irristu


E.fjewirzzz5612345612345612345612345612345612345612345612345612345612
VittehizzzzPAQPMVACEIITCARCWHAHFKSYJOWIGIMIOOEYCIMOOHYO.P.FCANVMHM LG
CiymfjisiczFS_YICIK_ICIESEA__AIQ_M..E_IYETIJE_.EIKEQAYEMYE_ES_JIAT_IC


Ehemkzsidissmkhzrozrjizdsigaiky zrew.itzrjizdmstrzxosczmt
inmcikr. zFSOYICIKRIuzXizjenize.tozJE..EzekczVESYJIATRICuzRji
.irriszWzve zwizcirisvmkiczdsovzekorjiszymfjiszhsoaf,zPDWTGC.C
(56123456)z=FOTMYMOKuzRjiz.irriszKzve zwizcirisvmkiczdsovzWIRKCGLAY
(123456123)z=TISSECISOuzRjiz.irristzDzekcz zve zwizcirisvmkiczdsov
PYFPOMT. CAETMAFDz(23456123456123456)=zYOVFEKMEzFESRMIKCOuzRji
yovf.iricze.fjewirt,zessekhiczetzwidosi,zesi:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMP.VKOFGSTRANL QEWYCIDHJMP.VKOFGSTRANL Q
zzzzzzzzz1trzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzR NKLJHO.PGIMQVTSWECDYFA
zzzzzzzzz2czzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzR NKLJHO.PGIMQVTSWECDYFA
zzzzzzzzz3czzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzR NKLJHO.PGIMQVTSWECDYFA
zzzzzzzzz4rjzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzR NKLJHO.PGIMQVTSWECDYFA
zzzzzzzzz5rjzzzzzzzzR NKLJHO.PGIMQVTSWECDYFA
zzzzzzzzz6rjzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzR NKLJHO.PGIMQVTSWECDYFA


Rjizbi zxosczmtzRO.ICOzekczrjizyovf.iri. zciymfjisiczvittehizmt:


zzzz"Akezdaisqezcizyewe..ismezikivmhezfsoyicikrizcizEsekpaiqz 
zzzzNm..etiyeztizje..ezikzEqayemyeuzVesyjizatriczyokztazyovfekme
zzzzfesrmikcozciz.ezyetezciz.eztissecisozfosz.etze.rasetzciz.ozitri
zzzz zkosrizcizEqayemyezyokzi.zdmkzcizsiyokoyisztazkavisoz zy.eti
zzzzcizdaisqetz zikzcmtfotmymokzgaiztizje..euz(G)zItrezeyekrokece
zzzz(G)zTizje..ekzorsetzrsofetzcirsetzcizi..ez(G)uzI.zsita.recozci.
zzzzsiyokoymvmikrozkiyitmroztewis.ozcikrsozcizrsitzjosetz zvicme
zzzzyaekcozvetuzFokhozeztatzoscikitzakzymy.mtrez(L)zDmku"




Tfiyme.zTo.armokzdoszYetiz7

Xjikzeztjosrzvittehizmtzikymfjisiczxmrjzez.okhzbi zxosc,zrjizvirjoct
odzeke. tmtze.siec zcmtyatticzve zdem.;zdmstr,zwiyeatizrjisizxm..
wizkozsiyassmkhzfemstzrozmkcmyerizrjizkavwiszodze.fjewirtzaticzekc,
tiyokc,zwiyeatizrjisizxm..zwiztozdixz.irristzmkzieyjze.fjewirzrjer
rjizvirjoctzodzYetiz6zxm..zkorzwizietm. zeff.micu

Joxinis,zmdzxizbkoxzoszyossiyr. zettavizokizxosc,zfsidisew. zezdems. 
.okhzoki,zmkzrjizymfjiszrilr,zezto.armokzmtznis ztmvf.iuzDoszilevf.i,
rjizdo..oxmkhzvittehizmtzwi.miniczrozsidiszrozsi√´kdosyivikrtzekczro
yokremkzrjerzxoscu


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz EKQNzzzQK.FFzzzBGDLMzzzPWFXE
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKSAGFzzzIF.OVzzzYYXJVzzzM


.irzatzettavizrjerzSIMKDOSYIVIKRTzmtzrjizdmstrzxosczekczrjerzmrzmt
sifsitikriczw zrjizymfjiszhsoafz EKQNQK.FFBGDLuzXizve zfarzrjizritrzmk
rjmtzrewa.eszdosv,zatmkhzezymfjiszcmtbzekczez.essewiizymfjiszyesczro
cirisvmkizrjizne.aizodzEzdoszieyjz.irriszakciszrjitizrxozt trivtuzEk 
orjisze.fjewirtztatfiyriczve zwizrsmiczoarzerzrjiztevizrmviu

Md


zzzzzzzzz zzzEzzzKzzzQzzzNzzzQzzzKzzz.zzzFzzzFzzzBzzzGzzzDzzzL


igae.t


zzzzzzzzzSzzzIzzzMzzzKzzzDzzzOzzzSzzzYzzzIzzzVzzzIzzzKzzzRzzzT


rjik,zxmrjzymfjiszcmtb,zEzigae.t


zzzzzzzzzFzzzIzzzSzzzVzzzEzzzKzzzIzzzKzzzRzzzWzzzOzzzCzzz zzzF


ekc,zmkzNmhikisizymfjis,zEzigae.t


zzzzzzzzzJzzzXzzzDzzzVzzzGzzz.zzzXzzzPzzz.zzzCzzzHzzzCzzzVzzzD


Mrzmtzinmcikrzrjerzrjizhaittzetzrozrjizeffiesekyizodzrjizxosc
SIMKDOSYIVIKRTzxetzyossiyr,zrjerzmrzmtzrjizdmstrzxosczodzrjizvittehi,
rjerzrjizymfjiszcmtbzxetzaticzmkzfsifesmkhzrjizymfjiszekczrjerzrji
bi zxosctzesizFISVEKIKRzWOC u

Rjmtzmt,zodzyoasti,zekzitfiyme.. zdenosew.izyetizekczxizxm..zrebi
okiz.ittzdenosew.izroztjoxzjoxzrjmtzvirjoczyekzwizeff.micu

RxozVilmyekzyjmidremkt,zEzekczW,zjenizwiikzyovvakmyermkhzxmrjzrji
do..oxmkhzymfjisze.fjewir:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzF.emkzrilrzzzEWYCIDHJMP.VKOFGSTRANL Q
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYmfjiszzzzzzzFYPNSGQWEOCDTARVLM J.HIK


Rjmtze.fjewirzjetzwiikzcirisvmkiczdsovzvek zsecmozvittehitzdsov
E,zrjiztafismos,zrozW,zjmtztaw-oscmkeri,zxjozjetzezdosyizodzewoar
2,000zvikzkieszrjizwoscisuzEzatitzrjizdosvzOSCIKOzGAIzmktrieczodzrji
vosizdevm.meszVEKCOzGAIzmkze..zjmtzvittehitzhmnmkhzoscistzrozWuzRji
do..oxmkhzvittehizmtzsiyimniczdsovzEzw zW'tzsecmoztrermokz(ekczzorjis
.mtrikmkhztrermokt)zekczewoarzekzjoasz.eriszrjisizmtzezhooczcie.zod
komtizekczvonivikrzetzmdzW'tzdosyizxisizwsiebmkhzyevfu


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMMJEJzzz CLSFzzzIHGHNzzzPPIIIzzzJOWHN
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzHPYEHzzzLEITEzzzNNL.IzzzMM.JVzzzFTGEH
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzWCHENzzzHTGEQ


Rjmtzmtzeztawtrmrarmokzymfjis,zwarzmrzmtzkorzYetiz6zatmkhzrjizatae.
e.fjewirzodzrjizyovvakmyermoktzdsovzEzrozWzekc,zmkzdeyr,zmtzkorzYeti
6zerze..uzRjizsiyassmkhzfemstzekczrsmf.irtzfomkrzrozezbi zxosczod
rikz.irristzekczrjmtzxoa.czhmnizatzwarztmlz.irristzfisze.fjewirzmd
mrzmtzYetiz7u

Rjizfsifesermoktzdoszezvoniz.ieczatzrozwi.minizrjerzEzjetzhmnikzek
osciszrozWzekczjizjet,zmkzrjerzyeti,zfsowew. zaticzrjizilfsittmok
OSCIKOzGAIzmkzrjizvittehiuzXizxm..zrs zrjizdmstrzkmkiz.irristzod
rjizvittehizetzmkzrjizorjiszilevf.i,zdmstrzfsifesmkhzezymfjiszcmtb
oszigamne.ikrzt.mcmkhzessekhivikrzjenmkhzokzmrzrjize.fjewirzatae.. 
aticzwirxiikzrjitizyjmidremktzoszE-Wzymfjisu


zzzz|zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDmliczYmfjiszE.fjewirzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|
zzzz|zzzFYPNSGQWEOCDTARVLM J.HIKFYPNSGQWEOCDTARVLM J.HIKzzz|
zzzz+------------------------------------------------------+
zzzzzzzzzz|zzzzzzzzzEWYCIDHJMP.VKOFGSTRANL Qzzzzzzzzz|
zzzzzzzzzz|zzzzzzzT.mcmkhzF.emkzRilrzE.fjewirzzzzzzzz|
zzzzzzzzzz+------------------------------------------+


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzE-WzYmfjis

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMdzzMzzigae.tzzOzzrjikzEzigae.tzzS
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMzzzzzzzzzzSzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzY
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJzzzzzzzzzzCzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzL
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzzzzzzzzzzIzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzS
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzJzzzzzzzzzzKzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzW
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzOzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzG


Y.ies. zrjisizmtzkorjmkhzjisizekczrjizettaviczxosct,zmdzrji zoyyas,zesi
mkzrjizvmcc.izodzrjizvittehiuzXizve zpavfzrozrjizyovwmkermokzFIHGHNzer
okyiztmkyizrjizfsiyicmkhz.irristzcozkorzvebizOSCIKOzGAIuzXizrs zrjmt
xmrjoarzsita.rzekczfsoyiiczrozIHGHNP,zHGHNPP,zGHNPPI,zHNPPII,zNPPIII,
PPIIIJ,zPIIIJO,zIIIJOW,zIIJOWH,zIJOWHN,zJOWHNH,zOWHNHP,zWHNHPY,zHNHPYE,
NHPYEH,ze..zxmrjoarzsita.ruzRjmtzxosbzsigamsitz.ittzrmvizrjekzvmhjrzwi
mvehmkiczekczmtzrjizbmkczodzxosbzxjmyjzyekzwizcmnmciczevokhzezkavwis
odzofiserostuzKoxz.irzatzyovizrozrjizkilrzyovwmkermokzHPYEHLuzXizecc
rjizkilrzrjsiiz.irrist,zEIT,zehemktrzGAIu

Md

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzHzzzPzzzYzzzEzzzHzzzLzzzzzzEzzzIzzzT

igae.t

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOzzzSzzzCzzzIzzzKzzzOzzzzzzGzzzAzzzI

Rjik,zmkzrjizE-Wzymfjis,zEzigae.t

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzzzCzzzIzzzSzzzOzzzNzzzzzzMzzzNzzzE

Rjizbi zmtzdoakc;zNMNE_ECISOzekczezrsme.zodzVzmkzrjizw.ekbztfeyi
tjoxtzyossiyrzsita.rtuzRjmtzyjiybtzxmrjzoaszrjios zrjerzezrikz.irris
bi zxosczxetzaticzekczciymfjismkhzrjizvittehizxizjeni:


zzzzFESEzI.zEREGAIzYOKRSEzROSSIOKzOSCIKOzGAIzTATzRSOFETzVESYJIKzITRI
zzzzKOYJIzLu


Rjizsietokzdoszwsiebmkhzyevfzmtzkoxzinmcikru

Rjmtzvirjoczve zwizatic,zxmrjztoviz.ewos,zokztjosrzxosctz.mbizRJI,zEKC,
iryuzFesrtzodzrjizbi zxm..zeffieszxjikiniszekzettaviczxosczmtzdoakc
mkzrjizvittehizekczrjizxjo.izbi zve zwizettivw.iczmdzikoahjzodzrji
fesrtzesizenem.ew.iuzInikzmdzok. zfesrzodzrjizbi zve zwiztozsiyonisic,
mrzxm..ze.xe tz.ieczrozrjiza.rmverizto.armokzodzrjizymfjiszw zrsme.
odzrjizfesrme.. zsiyonisiczbi zokzrjizvittehiz.irriszw z.irrisu

Etzekzilevf.izodzsiyonis zodzezbi zw zatizodztjosrzyovvokzxosct,z.ir
atzsidiszrozrjizvittehizodzYetiz7-euzRjisizesizrxikr -doaszhsoaftzod
rjsiiz.irristzieyjzmkzrjmtzvittehizekczxizxm..zrs zrjivzehemktrzRJI,
ESIzekcz OA,zettavmkhzrjerzrjizNmhikisizymfjiszmtzaticu


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzz2zzzz3zzzz4zzzz5zzzz6zzzz7zzzz8zzzz9zzz10zzz11zzz12

MdzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOTWzzNOMzzHTXzzY  zzQTQzzWNPzzL.CzzOT zzANCzz P.zzTGEzzJTM
igae.tzzzzzzzzzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJI
oszzzzzzzzzzzzzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESI
oszzzzzzzzzzzzzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OA
rjikzEzigae.tzzzN.LzzYJIzzK.TzzPSAzzH.NzzMODzzIIQzzN.AzzWOQzzDYJzzQPXzzO.I
oszzzzzzzzzzzzzzOWLzzNLIzzHWTzzYJAzzQWNzzWIDzzLAQzzOWAzzAIQzz TJzzTQXzzJWI
oszzzzzzzzzzzzzzGIJzzLEOzzMIYzzIBIzzWIDzzCJFzzQLPzzGIIzzXJPzzENSzzAYHzzPIO

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz13zzz14zzz15zzz16zzz17zzz18zzz19zzz20zzz21zzz22zzz23zzz24

MdzzzzzzzzzzzzzzWPNzzTDLzzCGWzzEMMzzOJQzzMNLzzPWDzzITDzzPTYzzK.AzzYRXzzYTV
igae.tzzzzzzzzzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJIzzRJI
oszzzzzzzzzzzzzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESIzzESI
oszzzzzzzzzzzzzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OAzz OA
rjikzEzigae.tzzzMYSzzQ RzzBPLzzJWIzzNENzzFORzzGAWzz..WzzG. zzAIGzzPVTzzP.M
oszzzzzzzzzzzzzzWTSzzTORzzCQLzzESIzzOGNzzMIRzzPBWzzIWWzzPW zzKAGzzYYTzzYWM
oszzzzzzzzzzzzzzCNWzzASCzzDYJzz AOzzGRDzzBJCzz.K.zzHI.zz.IMzzFLEzzIDYzzIIT


Mkzyo.avkz5,zxizjeni,zdosz OA,zrjizbi zWID;zyo.avkz6zhmnitzrjiztevizbi 
doszESI;zyo.avkz10zhmnitzrjizbi zDYJzdoszRJIzekczyo.avkz15zhmnitzrji
tevizbi zdosz OA;zyo.avkz12zhmnitzrjizbi zJWIzdoszESIzekczyo.avkz16
hmnitzrjiztevizbi zdoszRJI;zyo.avkz23zhmnitzrjizbi zIDYzdosz OAuzRji
ok. zfottmw.izbi zdoszrjizvittehizmtzezdmni-.irriszokizvecizafzodzrji
.irristzWIDYJzoszIDYJWzoszDYJWIzoszYJWIDzoszJWIDYuzMdzrjizbi zmkzrjmt
yetizxisizezxosc,zxizxoa.czjenizkozcmddmya.r zmkzcirisvmkmkhzmr;zetzmr
mt,zrjisizmtzkozsie.zcmddmya.r zmkzrjizverriszetzxizve zkoxzcmnmcizrji
vittehizmkrozw.oybtzodzdmniz.irristzekczkorizrjerzQTQz(= OA)zdosvzrji
3c,z4rjzekcz5rjz.irristzodzezhsoafuzRjizyossitfokcmkhzbi z.irrist,zWID,
esizrjikzrjiz3c,z4rjzekcz5rjz.irristzodzrjizbi zxjmyjzvatrzwizYJWIDu

Rjmtztfiyme.zto.armokzdoszYetiz7zcifikctztoz.eshi. zokzrjizmkramrmok
odzrjizofiseroszmkzyjomyizodzezxosczrjerzmrzmtzkor,zmkzhikise.,
ecnmtew.izrozatizmrzak.ittzrjizvittehizmtznis ztjosrzekczrjizsiha.es
virjoctzodzeke. tmtzjenizwiikzrsmiczaktayyittda.. uzMrzmt,zjoxinis,ze
xokcisda.. ztjosrzyarzmkzcmddmya.rzyetitzxjisizrjizorjiszvirjoctzdem.u








YJEFRISzNMMM


Yetiz8uzRjizF.e demszymfjisuzRjmtzmtzrjizIkh.mtjzvm.mres zdmi.czymfjis;
etzrjizvirjoczmtzfaw.mtjiczmkzIkh.mtjzvm.mres zvekae.tzekczetzmrzmt
ezymfjiszodzfsonikzsi.mewm.mr ,zmrzve zwizvirzxmrjzmkzhikise.zymfjis
xosbuzRjizF.e demszymfjiszofiseritzxmrjzezbi zxosc;zrxoz.irristzesi
tawtrmrariczdoszieyjzrxoz.irristzodzrjizrilru

RjizF.e demszymfjiszve zwizsiyohkmqiczw zrjizdo..oxmkhzfomkrt:z(e)
Mrzmtzeztawtrmrarmokzymfjis,z(w)zmrze.xe tzyokremktzekzinikzkavwiszod
.irrist,z(y)zxjikzrjizymfjiszmtzcmnmciczmkrozhsoaftzodzrxoz.irrist
ieyj,zkozhsoafzyoktmtrtzodzrjizsifirmrmokzodzrjizteviz.irriszetzTT
oszWW,z(c)zrjisizxm..zwizsiyassikyizodzfemstzrjsoahjoarzrjizvittehi,
do..oxmkhzmkzezhikise.zxe ,zrjizdsigaiky zrew.izodzcmhsefjtzodzfemst,
(i)zmkztjosrzvittehitzrjisizve zwizsiyassikyizodzymfjiszhsoaft
sifsitikrmkhzxosctzoszinikzfjsetit,zekczrjitizxm..ze.xe tzwizdoakc
mkz.okhzvittehitu

Mkzfsifesmkhzezymfjiszw zrjmtzvirjoc,zezbi zxosczmtzyjotikzw zrji
yossitfokcikrtuzEz.eshiztgaesi,zcmnmciczmkrozrxikr -dmniztve..is
tgaesit,zmtzyoktrsayriczetztjoxkzwi.oxzekczrjiz.irristzodzrjizbi zxosc
esizxsmrrikzmk,zwihmkkmkhzerzrjizaffisz.idrzjekczyoskisuzMdzek z.irris
siyastzmkzrjizbi zxosc,zmrzmtzok. zaticzokzrjizdmstrzoyyassikyiuzRji
sivemkmkhz.irristzodzrjize.fjewirzesizaticzrozdm..zafzrjiztgaesiuzMr
mtzyatroves zrozyoktmciszMzekczPzetzokiz.irriszmkzrjmtzymfjiszekc
rji zesizxsmrrikzrohirjiszmkzrjizteviztgaesiu

Mdzrjizbi zxosczyjotikzmtz.IENIKXOSRJ,zrjikzrjiztgaesizxoa.czwi
yoktrsayriczetzdo..oxt:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.zzzzIzzzEzzzNzzzK
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzXzzzzOzzzSzzzRzzzJ
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzWzzzzYzzzCzzzDzzzH
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMPzzzBzzzVzzzFzzzG
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTzzzzAzzzLzzz zzzQ


Rjizrilrzodzrjizvittehizrozwiztikrzmtzrjikzcmnmciczafzmkrozhsoaftzod
rxoz.irristzieyj,zekczigamne.ikrtzesizdoakczdoszieyjzfemsu

Inis zfemszodz.irristzmkzrjiztgaesizvatrzwi:zImrjisz(1)zmkzrjiztevi
nisrmye.z.mkiuzRjatzmkzrjizewonizilevf.izieyjz.irriszmtzsifsitikric
mkzymfjiszw zrjerzxjmyjztrekctzkilrzwi.oxzmr,zekczrjizworrovz.irriszw 
rjizrofzokizodzrjiztevizyo.avk;zdoszmktrekyi,zR zmtzsifsitikriczw zDNu

Osz(2)zmkzrjiztevizjosmqokre.z.mkiuzIeyjz.irriszmkzrjmtzyetizmt
sifsitikriczw zrjerzxjmyjztrekctzkilrzokzmrtzsmhjr,zekczrjiz.irriszok
rjizilrsivizsmhjrzw zrjerzokzrjizilrsiviz.idrzodzrjiztevizjosmqokre.
.mkizxmrjzmr;zdoszmktrekyizSJzmtzsifsitikriczw zRXu

Osz(3)zerzoffotmrizyoskistzodzezsiyrekh.iuzIeyjz.irriszodzrjizfems
mtzsifsitikriczw zrjiz.irriszmkzrjizorjiszyoskiszodzrjizsiyrekh.izmk
rjiztevizjosmqokre.z.mkizxmrjzmr;zdoszmktrekyizRTzmtzsifsitikriczw zX u

Md,zokzcmnmcmkhzrjiz.irristzodzrjizrilrzmkrozfemst,zmrzmtzdoakczrjer
ezfemszyoktmtrtzodzrjizteviz.irriszsifieric,zezcavv z.irris,zetzL,
 ,zoszQ,ztjoa.czwizmkrsocayiczroztifeserizrjiztmvm.esz.irristu

Mdzrjizvittehizrozwiztikrzxisiz"Rjizikiv zvonitzerzcexk,"zmrzxoa.c
wizcmnmciczmkrozfemst:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRJzzzILzzzIKzzzIVzzz VzzzONzzzITzzzERzzzCEzzzXK
zzzekczikymfjisic:zzzJXzzzEAzzzE.zzzEBzzzLFzzzRIzzz.AzzzNSzzzVSzzzJ.


Rjizvittehizmtzrjikzwsobikzafzmkrozhsoaftzodzdmniz.irristzdos
rsektvmttmoku

Rozciymfjisztayjzezys frohsev,z(bkoxmkhzrjizbi zxosc),zrjizsiyimnis
cmnmcitzmrzmkrozfemst,zekczdsovzjmtzrew.izdmkctzrjizigamne.ikrzod
rjitizfemst,zrebmkhzrjiz.irriszmvvicmeri. zewonizieyj,zxjikzrji zesi
mkzrjizteviznisrmye.z.mki;zrjotizmvvicmeri. zokzrjiz.idr,zxjikzmkzrji
tevizjosmqokre.z.mki;zekczrjotizerzoffotmrizekh.itzodzrjizsiyrekh.i
xjikzrjmtzmtzdosvicu

Mrzmtzinmcikr,zdsovzrjizdosihomkhzcitysmfrmok,zrjerzek z.irriszod
rjizf.emkzrilrzve zwizsifsitikriczmkzymfjiszw zokizodzdmniz.irrist,
nmq:zRjizokizkilrzwi.oxzmrzekczrjizorjiszdoasz.irristzmkzrjiztevi
josmqokre.z.mkizxmrjzmrzmkzrjiztgaesiuzRebi,zdoszilevf.i,zrjiz.irris
Czodzrjizf.emkzrilr,zmkzyovwmkermokzxmrjzieyjzodzrjizorjisz.irrist
odzrjize.fjewiruzXizjeni,zatmkhzrjizbi z.IENIKXOSRJ:


CEzCWzCYzCIzCDzCHzCJzCMzCBzC.zCVzCKzCOzCFzCGzCSzCTzCRzCAzCNzCXzCLzC zCQ
VSzDYzDCzYEzDHzDWzHSzWVzYVzWEzVLzHEzYSzDVzHVzVCzWLzDSzYLzDEzWSzVEzDLzHL


RjmtzhmnitzCzsifsitikriczw zzzWzzzYzzzDzzzHzzzV
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz4zzz4zzz8zzz4zzz4zzzrmvit,

ekc,zyokkiyriczxmrjzrjitizdmniz.irristzsifsitikrmkhzC,
xizjenizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzzzSzzzCzzzVzzzLzzzWzzzYzzzH
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzz5zzz2zzz4zzz5zzz1zzz1zzz1zzzrmvitu

Korizrjerzrjitiz.irristzesizrjotizodzrjiznisrmye.zyo.avkzyokremkmkh
Czf.atzrjiz.irristzW,zYzekczH,zodzrjizjosmqokre.z.mkizyokremkmkhzCu

.miaruzDsekbzVoosvek,zAuzTuzEsv ,zjetzcini.oficzezvirjoczdos
cirisvmkmkhzrjiz.irristzxjmyjzvebizafzrjizbi zxosczmkzezF.e dems
ymfjisuzMkzrjizdmstrzf.eyi,zezbi zxosczkiyittesm. zyokremktznoxi.tzmk
rjizeffsolmverizfsofosrmokzodzrxoznoxi.tzrozrjsiizyoktokekrtzekczmrzmt
e.toz.mbi. zrjerzezbi zxosczxm..zyokremkzorjiszyovvokz.irristuzRjmt
bi zxosczmtzf.eyiczmkzrjizdmstrzsoxzoszsoxtuzKoxzmdzezrew.izmtzveci,
tjoxmkhzxjerz.irristzmkzrjizymfjiszoyyaszxmrjzinis z.irris,zmrzxm..zwi
doakczrjerzrjiz.irristzjenmkhzrjizhsieritrzkavwiszodzorjisz.irristzmk
yovwmkermokzxmrjzrjivzesiznis z.mbi. zrozwiz.irristzodzrjizbi zxosc,
oszmkzorjiszxosct,z.irristzoyyassmkhzmkzrjizdmstrzosztiyokcz.mkituzEk
ilevf.izxm..zvebizrjmtzy.ies:


Vittehi

zzzzCWzDKzILzRQzVDzROzNWzGWzGRzOWzLEzODzFSzRQzIGzSJzGBzGNzCLzOBzEW
zzzzFSzGMzI.zRNzBIzILzLTzDTzWFzXCzWOzW zWDzSOzIEzWOzSJzGBzGNzRLzHA
zzzzI.zEWzRJzRSzLKzOKzIEzE zLJzWOzJKzILzWTzJSzGWzQVzTIzLFzJDzHQzAH
zzzzBYzWCzFOzIEzE zLJzWOzLFzJDzBSzGMzEWzFSzGMzI.zWLzDQzWMzTIzDLzFW
zzzzSEzFSzGMzXYzWSzLCz HzRWzGRzIEzE zLJzWOzJKzILzWTzJSzGWzFSzGMzI.
zzzzWLzWRzJWzGWzKDzTMzTIzWLzKAzLFzWAzSWzLWzGSzOLzWEzRWzSJzWFzXCzSF
zzzzSOzHAzHLzGSzTIzQ zOLzWEzI.zELzYXzW zWEzTLzSBzSOzFSzJWzOFzWCzFM
zzzzYKzOLzIVzSFzBSzLRzI.zELzYXzIGzDQzTLzI.zSJzSOzFSzJWzALzCEzTIzLK
zzzzQKzHAzI.zWLzDTzCHzCWzRWzQ.zNIzSJzWOzSGu


Dsovzrjmtzvittehi,zxizvebizafzrjizdo..oxmkhzrew.i,zyoktmcismkhzrji
.irristzodzieyjzfems:


Dmstrz.irristzodzFemst

zzzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzHzzJzzMzzBzz.zzVzzKzzOzzFzzGzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzLzz zzQ

Ezzzzzz3zzzzz1zz4zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1
Wzzz3zzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zz1zz4zz1zzzzz3zzzzz1zzzzz1
Yzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1
Czzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zz1
Izzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzzzzzz1
Dzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzz1zz1zz1
Hzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzz1
Jzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz5zzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzz3
Mzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zz5zzzzz1
Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzz2zz1
.zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz8zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1
Vzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1
Kzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzz1zzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzz1
Ozzzzzz6zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzz4zzzzz1
Fzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3
Gzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2
Szzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzz7zz2zzzzzzzz1
Tzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1
Rzzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1
Azzzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1
Nzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2
Xzzzzzzzzz2
Lzzz1zz5zzzzz1zz4zz1zz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz3zzzzzzzzzzz2zz1zz1
 zzzzzz5zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1
Qzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2zz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz2


Dsovzrjmtzrew.izxizfmybzoarzrjiz.irristzW,zI,zD,zO,zS,zR,zL,zet
rikrermniz.irristzodzrjizbi zxosczokzeyyoakrzodzrjiznesmir zodzorjis
.irristzxmrjzxjmyjzrji zoyyasuzEtzrjisizesizwarzrxoznoxi.tzdosztinik
.irrist,zxizxm..zecczEzrozrjiz.mtrzokzeyyoakrzodzmrtzoyyassikyitzxmrj
W,zC,zI,zS,zekczLuzRjmtz.ienitzrjiz.irristzdoszrjizworrovz.mkitzod
rjiztgaesizetzdo..oxt:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzuz|zzuz|zzuz|zzuz|zzuz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzuz|zzuz|zzuz|zzYz|zzCz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzHz|zzJzz|zMP|zzBz|zz.z|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzVz|zzKz|zzFz|zzGz|zzTz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzAz|zzNzz|zXz|zz z|zzQz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+


Sidissmkhzrozrjizrew.izehemkzxizdmkczrjizvotrzdsigaikrzyovwmkermokzro
wizI.,zoyyassmkhz8zrmvit,zxmrjzkozoyyassikyizodz.IuzKox,zRJzmtzrji
yovvokitrzfemszmkzf.emkzrilr,zekczJRzmtzkorzyovvokuzRjizdeyrzrjer
Jzoyyastzmkzrjiztevizjosmqokre.z.mkizxmrjz.zekczrjerzIzekczRzesi
fsowew. zmkzrjizbi ,zxm..z.ieczatzrozfarzIzmkzrjizdmstrz.mkizoniszJ
ekczRzmkzrjizdmstrz.mkizonisz.,ztozetzrozvebizI.zigae.zRJu

RjizkilrzvotrzdsigaikrzyovwmkermokzmtzFSzoyyassmkhz7zrmvit,zxmrjzSF
oyyassmkhzrxmyiuzMkzrjiztgaesizetzfesrme.. zessekhic,zFSzigae.tzV_
oszK_zoszG_zoszM_uzXizve zi.mvmkerize..zrjitizilyifrzK_,zekczrjmtzK_
yoa.czok. zwizKOzoszKE,ztozrjerzxizxm..zfar,zrikrermni. zrjizSzmk
rjiztiyokcz.mkizoniszJzekczrjizOzekczEzmkzrjizteviz.mkizoniszMPuzXi
jenizrjik:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzuz|zzIz|zzuz|zuzz|zzRz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzuz|zzSz|zEOz|zzYz|zzCz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzHz|zzJz|zMPz|zzBz|zz.z|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzVz|zzKz|zFzz|zzGz|zzTz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzAz|zzNz|zzXz|zz z|zzQz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+


.irzatzkoxzyjiybzrjmtzw zfmybmkhzoarzrjizyovwmkermoktzwihmkkmkhzxmrjzI.
ekcztiimkhzmdzrjizrew.izxm..zto.nizrjivuzXizdmkc,zI.RN,zI.EW,zI.WLDQ,
I.WLWR,zI.ELYXW ,zI.ELYXIG,zI.SJ,zI.WLDTuzKox,zokzrjizettavfrmokzrjer
rjiz.irriszedriszI.zsifsitikrtzI,zxizjenizmrzsifsitikriczw zEzrjsii
rmvit,zWzrjsiizrmvit,zSzokyizekczRzokyiuzRjmtzsigamsitzrjerzEzekczW
wizfarzmkzrjiztevizjosmqokre.z.mkizxmrjzI,ztmkyizRzmtze.siec zrjisi,
ekczSzmtzrikrermni. zakciszIu

RjizyovwmkermokzI.RNzkoxzigae.tzRJIQuzMdzrjizRzxisizvoniczokizf.eyi
rozrjiz.idr,zmrzxoa.czwizRJI ,zezvosiz.mbi. zyovwmkermok,zwarzrjmt
sigamsitzrjiz.zrozwizvoniczokizf.eyizrozrjiz.idrze.to,zw zfarrmkhzM
oszBzmkzrjizbi zxosczekczrebmkhzoarzO,zSzoszLzekczsiraskmkhzmrzrozmrt
f.eyizmkzrjize.fjewirmye.ztigaikyiuzRjizvotrzdsigaikrzfemstzyokremkmkh
OzesizWzOztmlzrmvit,zSzOzdoaszrmvit,zekczOzLzrjsiizrmvituzKoxzrjiti
femstzigae.zsitfiyrmni. zIzK,zIzTzekczJzI,zmdzOzmtzfarzwirxiikzK
ekczFzmkzrjizdoasrjz.mkiuzXizxm..zrjisidosizyietizrozyoktmciszmr
etzez.irriszodzrjizrjizbi zxoscuzRjizyovwmkermokzI.EWzyekzok. zwi
RJI_zokzrjizettavfrmokzrjerzEzmtzrjizdmstrz.irriszrozrjizsmhjrzod
IuzRjizyovwmkermokzI.WLzoyyastzrjsiizrmvituzMdzmrzsifsitikrtzRJI_,
rjizWzvatrzwizrjizdmstrz.irriszodzrjizdmstrz.mkizekczrjizLzvatrzkox
wizf.eyiczakciszIzxjisizrjizSzxetzrikrermni. zfaruzXizyekzhirzRJI_
oarzodzI.SJzw zfarrmkhzSzmkzrjizdmstrz.mkizosz.ienmkhzmrzxjisizmr
mt,zwarzrjizfsifokcisekyizodzrjizWLzyovwmkermokztjoa.cztahhitrzrji
dosvisze.riskermniu

Ezkixztgaesiztjoxmkhzrjitizyjekhitzxm..z.oobz.mbizrjmt:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzWz|zzIz|zzEz|zzRz|zzSz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzuz|zzLz|zzuz|zzuz|zzuz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzHz|zzJz|zzuz|zz.z|zzVz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzKz|zzOz|zFzz|zzGz|zzTz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzAz|zzNz|zzXz|zz z|zzQz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+


EtzMzfarzmkzrjiztfeyizakciszWzxm..zhmnizrjizxosczWIERSMLzekczetze
noxi.zmtzy.ies. zkiyittes zrjisi,zxizxm..ztozatizrjizMPzekcz.ieni
BzwirxiikzJzekcz.uzRjmtz.ienitzY,zCzekczDzrozwizf.eyicuzMrzeffiesic
erzdmstrzrjerzDzxetzmkzrjizbi zwarzmdzmrzmtzmkzrjiztiyokcz.mki,zmk
fsolmvmr zrozrjiz.irristzodzrjizdmstrz.mki,zmrzxm..zhmnizrjiztevi
mkcmyermoktuzYovf.irmkhzrjiztgaesizrjik,zxizjeni


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzWz|zzIz|zzEz|zzRz|zzSz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zMPz|zzLz|zzYz|zzCz|zzDz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzHz|zzJz|zzBz|zz.z|zzVz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzKz|zzOz|zFzz|zzGz|zzTz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz|zzAz|zzNz|zzXz|zz z|zzQz|
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz+----+----+----+----+----+


Xmrjzrjmtztgaesi,zrjizvittehizmtzciymfjisiczxmrjoarzcmddmya.r u

zzzz"Mrzmtznis zdsigaikr. zkiyit(l)tes zrozivf.o zymfjistzekczrji 
zzzzjenizdoszvek zyikrasmitzwiikzivf.o iczmkzrjizsi.ermoktzwirxi(l)ik
zzzzhoniskvikrt,zdoszyov(l)vakmyermokzwirxi(l)ikzyov(l)vekcistzekc
zzzzrjimsztawoscmkeritzekczfesrmya.es. zwirxi(l)ikzhoniskvikrtzekc
zzzzrjimszehikrtzmkzdosimhkzyoakrsmit;zrjisizesizvek zyetitzmkzjmtros 
zzzzxjisizrjizyefrasizodzezvittehizkorzmkzymfjiszjetzvecizrjizyefrost
zzzzodzrjizvittehiznmyrosmoatzmkzrjimszvm.mres zvonivikrtu"

Mrzxm..zwiztiikzrjerzrjizvirjoczodz.miaruzVoosvekzikew.iczatzro
fmybzoarztmlz.irristzodzrjizbi zxosczoarzodzimhjrz.irristzyjotik
rikrermni. uzRjizsietokzdoszrjizeffiesekyizodzDzjetze.siec zwiikzkoric;
rjiz.irriszOzoyyassiczxmrjzvek zorjisz.irristzwiyeatizmrzjeffikic
rozsivemkzmkzrjizteviz.mkizxmrjzKzekczTzekczrozwizakciszJuzMrzrjat
xetz.mbi. zrozsifsitikrzek zodzrjitizrjsiiz.irristzxjmyjzoyyasznis 
dsigaikr. zmkzek zrilru




Rxo-yjeseyriszTawtrmrarmokzYmfjist

Yetiz9u--Rxo-yjeseyrisztawtrmrarmokzymfjistuzMkzymfjistzodzrjmtzr fi,
rxoz.irrist,zkavise.t,zoszyoknikrmoke.ztmhkt,zesiztawtrmrariczdoszieyj
.irriszodzrjizrilruzRjisizesizvek zxe tzodzowremkmkhzrjizyjeseyrist
rozwiztawtrmrariczwar,zmkzhikise.,zrjitizymfjistzve zwizyoktmcisiczet
tfiyme.znesmirmitzodzYetiz6zoszYetiz7uzRjizymfjistzxjmyjzyovizakcis
rjmtzyetizesizkorzxi..ztamriczrozri.ihsefjmyzyossitfokcikyizwiyeati
rjizymfjiszvittehizxm..zyokremkzrxmyizetzvek z.irristzetzrjizf.emk
rilruzJoxiniszrji zesiztozatic;zekzilevf.izmtzerzjekczmkzxjmyjzrxo
kavise.tzesiztawtrmrariczdoszieyjz.irriszekczrjmtzvebitzrsektvmttmok
w zri.ihsefjznis zt.oxu

Yetiz9zyekzwizsiyohkmqiczw ztovizosze..zodzrjizdo..oxmkhzfomkrt;zrji
kavwiszodzyjeseyristzmkzrjizymfjiszmtze.xe tzekzinikzkavwis;zodrik
ok. zezdix,zte zdmnizrozrik,zodzrjiz.irristzodzrjize.fjewirzeffies;
imrjiszezdsigaiky zrew.izdoszfemstzodzrjizymfjiszrilrzsitivw.mkhzrji
kosve.ztmkh.iz.irriszdsigaiky zrew.izyekzwizveci,zoszhsoaftzodzdoas
.irristzxm..ztjoxzezsiha.eszsiyassikyi,zdsovzxjmyjzrjizymfjiszyekzwi
to.niczetzmkzYetiz7u




Yetiz9eu--

Vittehi


zzzzSKRHKzSEEHSzKESKEzHRHSEzRHEEKzKEKHHzSESERzKEEKSzKKKSKzEEEHHzEEKHS
zzzzKHHKKzKSKEEzEEKSEzRKEKKzKHHSKzSKKSHzRRHSHzRHHSKzESKRHzKKESRzHHSKS
zzzzHSKKRzHRHEEzKKESKzESKSRzRHEHHzHEEEEzKEKKEzSKEHEzKHKERzKKKER


Rjmtzvittehizyokremktz160z.irristzekczmrzxm..zwizkoriczrjerzrjizok. 
.irristzaticzesizE,zH,zK,zSzekczRu

Xizve zilfiyrzeztmvf.izrxo-.irrisztawtrmrarmokzymfjiszerzokyiuzMr
xm..ztmvf.md zrjizxosbzmdzxizcmnmcizrjizymfjiszmkrozhsoaftzodzrxo
.irristzekczrjik,zmdzxizdmkczrjisizesiz26zosz.ittzsiyassmkhzhsoaft,
rozettmhkzekzeswmrses z.irriszrozieyjzhsoafzekczxosbzoarzrjizymfjis
w zrjizvirjoczodzYetiz6u


zzzzSKzRHzKSzEEzHSzKEzSKzEHzRHzSEzRHzEEzKKzEKzHHzSEzSEzRKzEEzKSzKK
zzzzKSzKEzEEzHHzEEzKHzSKzHHzKKzKSzKEzEEzEKzSEzRKzEKzKKzHHzSKzSKzKS
zzzzHRzRHzSHzRHzHSzKEzSKzRHzKKzESzRHzHSzKSzHSzKKzRHzRHzEEzKKzESzKE
zzzzSKzSRzRHzEHzHHzEEzEEzKEzKKzESzKEzHEzKHzKEzRKzKKzER


Xmrjzeswmrses z.irristztawtrmraric,zxizjeni


zzzzEzWzYzCzIzDzEzHzWzJzWzCzMzPzBzJzJz.zCzYzMzYzDzCzBzCzVzEzBzMzYzD
zzzzCzPzJz.zPzMzBzEzEzYzKzWzOzWzIzDzEzWzMzFzWzIzYzIzzzWzWzCzMzFzDzE
zzzzGzWzHzBzCzCzDzMzFzDzSzVzDz.zMzT


Kox,zfsifesmkhzezdsigaiky zrew.i,zxmrjzkorizodzfsidmlitzekcztaddmlit
xizjeni:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzDsigaiky zzzzzzzzzFsidmlzzzzzzzTaddml

zzzzzzzzzzzzEzzzzzzz7zzz1111111zzzzzzDVBEDDzzzzzzzWHBEYWG
zzzzzzzzzzzzWzzzzzz10zzz1111111111zzzEHJKOEFMWGzzzYJCOIMIWCH
zzzzzzzzzzzzYzzzzzzz6zzz111111zzzzzzzWCMMEIzzzzzzzCMDDKI
zzzzzzzzzzzzCzzzzzzz9zzz111111111zzzzYW.DBDWBCzzzzIMYBVPMCD
zzzzzzzzzzzzIzzzzzzz4zzz1111zzzzzzzzzCWWYzzzzzzzzzDDYM
zzzzzzzzzzzzDzzzzzzz8zzz11111111zzzzzIYYIFCFVzzzzzECCEEMS.
zzzzzzzzzzzzHzzzzzzz2zzz11zzzzzzzzzzzEWzzzzzzzzzzzWB
zzzzzzzzzzzzJzzzzzzz4zzz1111zzzzzzzzzWBPJzzzzzzzzzWJ..
zzzzzzzzzzzzMzzzzzzz9zzz111111111zzzzCYBPWICD.zzzzPYYBFWFF
zzzzzzzzzzzzPzzzzzzz3zzz111zzzzzzzzzzMC.zzzzzzzzzzBJM
zzzzzzzzzzzzBzzzzzzz5zzz11111zzzzzzzzPCEMHzzzzzzzzJCMEC
zzzzzzzzzzzz.zzzzzzz3zzz111zzzzzzzzzzJJDzzzzzzzzzzCPM
zzzzzzzzzzzzVzzzzzzz2zzz11zzzzzzzzzzzCSzzzzzzzzzzzED
zzzzzzzzzzzzKzzzzzzz1zzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzYzzzzzzzzzzzzW
zzzzzzzzzzzzOzzzzzzz1zzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzWzzzzzzzzzzzzW
zzzzzzzzzzzzFzzzzzzz3zzz111zzzzzzzzzzMMMzzzzzzzzzzWDD
zzzzzzzzzzzzGzzzzzzz1zzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzEzzzzzzzzzzzzW
zzzzzzzzzzzzSzzzzzzz1zzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzDzzzzzzzzzzzzV
zzzzzzzzzzzzTzzzzzzz1zzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzM


Ezwsmidztrac zodzrjmtzrew.izekczrjizcmtrsmwarmokzmkzrjizymfjisz.iect
rozrjizyoky.atmokzrjerzW,zDzekczYzesizyisremk. znoxi.tzekczesi,zmd
rjizkosve.zdsigaiky zjo.ct,zigae.zrozI,zO,zekczEzoszMuzTmvm.es. zC
ekczMzesizyoktokekrtzekczxizve zrebizrjivzetzKzekczRuzMzmtzrebikzetzR
wiyeatizodzrjizyovwmkermokzMFz(=fottmw. zRJ)zoyyassmkhzrjsiizrmvituzRji
kilrz.irriszmkzosciszodzdsigaiky zmtzE;zmrzmtzyisremk. zezyoktokekr
ekczve zwizrebikzetzSzokzrjizwetmtzodzmrtzdsigaiky uz.irzatzkoxzrs 
rjitizettavfrmoktzokzrjizdmstrzrxoz.mkitzodzrjizvittehiuzXizjeni


zzzzzzzzzzzzEzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzzzE
zzzzzzzzSzIzzzKz_zOzSz_zIz_zIzKzRz_z_z_z_z_zKzzzRzzzOzKz_zKz_
zzzzzzzzzzzzMzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzMzzzM


Rjmtzmtzy.ies. zrjizxosczSIMKDOSYIVIKRTzekc,zatmkhzrjiz.irristzrjat
doakc,zrjizsitrzodzrjiz.mkizwiyovitzEVVAKMRMOKEKCuzXizjenizrjikzrji
do..oxmkhz.irristzcirisvmkic:


Eswmrses z.irristzzzEzzzWzzzYzzzCzzzIzzzDzzzHzzzJzzzMzzzPzzzBzzz.zzzV
F.emkzRilrzzzzzzzzzzSzzzIzzzMzzzKzzzDzzzOzzzYzzzVzzzRzzzTzzzEzzzAzzzC


Mdzrjitizwiztawtrmrariczxizjenizdoszrjizvittehi:

zzzzSIMKDOSYIVIKRTzEVVAKMRMOKzEKCzSERMOKTzVATRzESSM_Iz_IDOSIzR_I
zzzzDMDRIIKR_zOSz_IzYEKKORz_O_CzOAR_u

Dsovzrjmtzrjizsivemkciszodzrjiz.irristzesizcirisvmkic:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEswmrses z.irristzzzKzzzOzzzFzzzGzzzSzzzT
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzF.emkzrilrzzzzzzzzzzNzzzWzzzJzzzXzzz.zzzL


Koxz.irzatztawtrmrarizrjizrxo-.irriszhsoaftzdoszrjizeswmrses z.irrist:


Eswmrses z.irristzzzBzzOzzHzzVzzWzzIzzFzzYzzSzzJzzCzzDzzEzzPzzMzz.zzKzzGzzT
Rxo-.irriszhsoaftzzzHHzSHzEHzKHzRHzHSzESzKSzHEzSEzEEzKEzSKzEKzKKzRKzHRzSRzER
F.emkzrilrzzzzzzzzzzEzzWzzYzzCzzIzzDzzJzzMzz.zzVzzKzzOzzSzzTzzRzzAzzNzzXzzL


Mrzmtzinmcikrzrjerzrjizymfjiszxetzfsifesiczxmrjzrjiz.irristzodzrji
xosczHSEKRzyjotikzw zviektzodzeztgaesizodzrjmtzbmkc:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzHzzzSzzzEzzzKzzzR
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzHzzzEzzzWzzzYzzzCzzzI
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzSzzzDzzzHzzzJzzzMzzzB
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzzz.zzzVzzzKzzzOzzzF
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzKzzzGzzzSzzzTzzzRzzzA
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzRzzzNzzzXzzzLzzz zzzQ


RjatzRH=I,zEK=T,ziryu,zetzxizjenize.siec zdoakcu




Yetiz9-w

Vittehi


zzzzzzzzzzz1950492958zzz3123252815zzz4418452815zzz2048115041
zzzzzzzzzzz2252115345zzz5849134124zzz5028552526zzz5933195222
zzzzzzzzzzz5245113215zzz6215584143zzz2861361265zzz2945565015
zzzzzzzzzzz2342455850zzz6345542019zzz1550185311zzz2115415828
zzzzzzzzzzz1124174553zzz4554205950zzz2552454132zzz1533492048
zzzzzzzzzzz5018152364


Ekzilevmkermokzodzrjizhsoaftzodzrxozkavise.tzieyjzxjmyjzvebizafzrjmt
vittehi,ztjoxtzrjerzxizjeniz11zroz36zekcz41zroz65zxmrjzi.inikzhsoaft
vmttmkhuzKoxzrjiz11zroz36zyovwmkermokzmtzeznis zdevm.meszokizmkzkavise.
tawtrmrarmokzymfjistz(TiizYetiz6-y)zekczmrzxm..zwizkoriczrjerz41zro
66zxoa.czhmnizatzeztmvm.esze.fjewiruz.irzatzvebizezdsigaiky zrew.i
mkzrjmtzdosv:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzHsoafzzzDsigaiky zzzHsoafzzzDsigaiky 

zzzzzzzzzzzzzz11zzzzz11111zzzzzzzz41zzzzz11111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz12zzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzz42zzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz13zzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzz43zzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz14zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz44zzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz15zzzzz111111111zzzz45zzzzz111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz16zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz46
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz17zzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzz47
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz18zzzzz111zzzzzzzzzz48zzzzz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz19zzzzz111zzzzzzzzzz49zzzzz111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz20zzzzz1111zzzzzzzzz50zzzzz11111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz21zzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzz51
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz22zzzzz11zzzzzzzzzzz52zzzzz1111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz23zzzzz111zzzzzzzzzz53zzzzz111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz24zzzzz11zzzzzzzzzzz54zzzzz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz25zzzzz111zzzzzzzzzz55zzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz26zzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzz56zzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz27zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz57
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz28zzzzz11111zzzzzzzz58zzzzz11111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz29zzzzz11zzzzzzzzzzz59zzzzz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz30zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz60
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz31zzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzz61zzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz32zzzzz11zzzzzzzzzzz62zzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz33zzzzz11zzzzzzzzzzz63zzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz34zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz64zzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz35zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz65zzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz36zzzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzz66


Ieyjzodzrjitizrew.itz.oobtz.mbizrjizkosve.zdsigaiky zrew.izilyifrzdos
rjizfotmrmokzodz20zekcz50zxjmyjztjoa.czsifsitikrzR,zw ze..zoaszsa.it,
ekcztjoa.czwizeffesikr. z30zekcz60uzWarztaffotizxizfarzrjize.fjewir
ekczyossitfokcmkhzkavise.tzmkzrjmtzdosv:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzz2zzz3zzz4zzz5zzz6zzz7zzz8zzz9zzz0

zzzzzzzzzzzzz1zosz4zzzEzzzWzzzYzzzCzzzIzzzDzzzHzzzJzzzMzzzP
zzzzzzzzzzzzz2zosz5zzzBzzz.zzzVzzzKzzzOzzzFzzzGzzzSzzzTzzzR
zzzzzzzzzzzzz3zosz6zzzAzzzNzzzXzzzLzzz zzzQ


RjikzE=11zosz41,zP=10zosz40zekczR=20zosz50zetzxizdoakcuzAtmkhzrji
ewonize.fjewir,zrjizvittehizve zietm. zwizsiecuzKorizrjerzrjmtzymfjis
mtzvecizafzodzrikzyjeseyristzok. ,zrjizEsewmyzkavise.tu




Yetiz9y--

Vittehi


zzzzz1156254676zzz2542294432zzz1949294015zzz1423217211zzz2979703115
zzzzz4924213511zzz7424147875zzz7646252444zzz5143254845zzz3179742533
zzzzz4055461512zzz7573227945zzz1627481511zzz7042351944zzz1378252149
zzzzz2514764553zzz1548342126zzz7215254075zzz1611257845zzz4642217415
zzzzz4952197929zzz7015242143zzz2925444933zzz1970187531zzz4079254829
zzzzz4551491411zzz7321171554


Ekzilevmkermokzodzrjmtzvittehiztjoxtzmrzrozyoktmtrzodzdosr -doas
cmddisikrzrxo-dmhasizhsoaftzsakkmkhzdsovz11zroz79uz.irzatzfsifesize
dsigaiky zrew.izodzrjitizhsoaftu


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzHsoafzzzzDsigaiky 

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz11zzzzzz111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz12zzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz13zzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz14zzzzzz1111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz15zzzzzz111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz16zzzzzz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz17zzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz18zzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz19zzzzzz1111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz20
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz21zzzzzz1111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz22zzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz23zzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz24zzzzzz1111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz25zzzzzz11111111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz26zzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz27zzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz28
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz29zzzzzz111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz30
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz31zzzzzz111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz32zzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz33zzzzzz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz34zzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz35zzzzzz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz36
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz37
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz38
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz39
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz40zzzzzz1111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz41
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz42zzzzzz111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz43zzzzzz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz44zzzzzz1111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz45zzzzzz11111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz46zzzzzz1111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz47
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz48zzzzzz1111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz49zzzzzz111111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz50
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz51zzzzzz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz52zzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz53zzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz54zzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz55zzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz56zzzzzz1
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz57
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz58
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz59
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz70zzzzzz1111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz71
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz72zzzzzz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz73zzzzzz11
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz74zzzzzz111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz75zzzzzz1111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz76zzzzzz111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz77
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz78zzzzzz111
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz79zzzzzz11111


Xizerzokyizkorizrjizsitivw.ekyizwirxiikzrjizdsigaiky zrew.itzdoszrji
hsoaftz11zroz19zekcz21zroz29;zdoszrjizhsoaftz30zroz36zekcz50zroz56;
ekczdoszrjizhsoaftz40zroz49zekcz70zroz79uzE.tozrjizhsoaftz11zroz19
ekcz21zroz29zjenizezdsigaiky zdmrrmkhzxi..zxmrjzrjizkosve.zdsigaiky 
rew.izodzrjiz.irristzEzrozM;zrjizhsoaftz41zroz49zekcz71zroz79zjenize
dsigaiky zdmrrmkhzxi..zxmrjzrjizkosve.zdsigaiky zrew.izodzrjiz.irrist
BzrozT;zekczrjizhsoaftz31zroz36zekcz51zroz56zjenizezdsigaiky zdmrrmkh
xi..zxmrjzrjizkosve.zdsigaiky zrew.izodzrjiz.irristzAzrozQuzXizjeni
PzekczRzakeyyoakriczdos,zwarzkorizxjerzoyyassiczmkzYetiz9-wzekczrjer
40zekcz70zxoa.czyossitfokczxi..zxmrjzRzmdzrji zdo..oxiczsitfiyrmni. 
49zekcz79uzXizve zkoxzvebizafzezymfjiszrew.izetzdo..oxt:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzz2zzz3zzz4zzz5zzz6zzz7zzz8zzz9zzz0

zzzzzzzzzzzzz1zosz2zzzEzzzWzzzYzzzCzzzIzzzDzzzHzzzJzzzMzzzP
zzzzzzzzzzzzz4zosz7zzzBzzz.zzzVzzzKzzzOzzzFzzzGzzzSzzzTzzzR
zzzzzzzzzzzzz3zosz5zzzAzzzNzzzXzzzLzzz zzzQ


ekczrjmtzrew.izxm..zto.nizrjizymfjiszvittehiu

Mkzymfjistzyovmkhzakciszyetiz9-wzekcz9-y,zmrzmtzkorzakyovvokzrozettmhk
tovizodzrjizakaticzkavwistztayjzetz85,z93,ziryu,zrozxjo.izxosctzmk
yovvokzatizoszrozkevitzodzfistoktzoszf.eyituzMkzyetiztayjzhsoaft
esizdoakc,zrjizviekmkhzvatrzwizhaitticzerzdsovzrjizyokrilr;zwarzmd
vek zvittehitzmkzrjiztevizymfjiszesizenem.ew.i,zrjizviekmkhzodzrjiti
hsoaftzxm..ztookzwizowremkicuzRjizeffiesekyizodztayjzocczhsoaftzod
dmhasitzmkzezvittehizcoitzkorzmkrisdisizverisme.. zxmrjzrjizeke. tmt,
ekczmrzxm..zwizeffesikrzerzokyizokzciymfjismkhzrjizvittehizrjerzrji 
sifsitikrzxjo.izxosctzmktrieczodz.irristu








YJEFRISzML

ORJISzTAWTRMRARMOKzVIRJOCT


Rjizdosihomkhzyetitzw zkozviektziljeatrzrjizfottmwm.mrmitzodzrji
tawtrmrarmokzymfjiszwarzrji zyoniszfseyrmye.. ze..zvirjoctzxjmyj
esiztermtdeyros zdoszvm.mres zfasfotit,zjenmkhzmkzvmkczyoktisnermok
odzrmvi,zrjizvmkmvmqmkhzodzvikre.ztrsemk,zekczrjizsigamsivikrtzrjer
yovf.myericzeffeseratzekczsa.itzwizenomcic,zekczrjerzrjizsita.rmkh
ymfjisztjoa.czwizecefriczrozri.ihsefjmyzyossitfokcikyiu

Ezvittehizve zwizsi-ikymfjisiczrxozoszvosizrmvitzatmkhzezcmddisikrzbi 
xosczieyjzrmvizoszmrzve zwizikymfjisiczw zokizvirjoczekczsi-ikymfjisic
w zekorjiszvirjoc,zatmkhzrjiztevizoszezcmddisikrzbi zxoscuzYovf.myeric
ymfjiszt trivtzsigamsmkhzrjizvivosmqmkhzod,zoszsidisikyizro,zkavisoat
sa.itzjenizwiikzcinmticzdosztfiyme.zfasfotituzTayjzt trivtzatae.. 
dem.zarris. zmdzrjisizesizek zissostzmkzrsektvmttmokzekczmrzxm..zwi
tiikz.eriszrjerztayjzissostzesiznis zyovvoku

Rjisizesiztinise.zmkhikmoatzymfjiszveyjmkitzw zxjmyjzyovf.myeric
ymfjistzyekzwizdosvic,zwarzmdzrjizeffeseratzmtzenem.ew.izekczdems. 
.okhzvittehitzesizerzjekczdoszilevmkermok,zmrzmtzatae.. zfottmw.izro
to.nizrjivuzTayjzveyjmkitzesizkor,zetzezsa.i,ztmvf.izekcztve..zikoahj
doszdmi.czati;zekczmrzvatrze.xe tzwizsivivwisiczrjerzezveyjmkizymfjis
ofiseritzokzyisremkzviyjekmye.zy y.it,zxjmyjzyekzwizcirisvmkiczmd
rjizveyjmkizmtzenem.ew.iu

Ezwoobzw zYovvekcekrzWeqismit,zikrmr.icz"Iraciztasz.ezYs frohsefjmi
Vm.mremsi,"zekczeztismitzodzesrmy.itzw zEuzYo..ok,zikrmr.icz"Iraci
tasz.ezYs frohsefjmi,"zxjmyjzeffiesiczmkzrjizSinaizciz.'Esv√©izWi.hi,
1899-1902,zhmnizm..atrsermoktzekczcirem.tzodzofisermokzodztinise.
odzrjitizymfjiszveyjmkitzekczrjiz.erriszhoitzmkrozrjizvirjoctzod
ciymfjismkhzvittehitzikymfjisiczxmrjzrjivuzRjitizvirjoctzodzeke. tmt
sigamsiz.okhzvittehit,zekczetzieyjzokizmtzecefriczok. zrozrjizfsocayr
odzezyisremkzveyjmkizoszeffeserat,zmrzmtzkorzyoktmcisiczecnmtew.izro
mky.acizezcmtyattmokzodzrjivzjisiuzRjotizmkrisitriczmkztayjzecnekyic
ymfjiszxosbzvatrzsidiszrozrjitizekczorjiszIasofiekzearjostzokzrji
tawpiyru

Rjizsigamsivikrzrjerzymfjiszvittehitztjoa.czwizecefriczrozri.ihsefjmy
rsektvmttmok,zfseyrmye.. zily.acitzymfjistzmkzxjmyjzrjsiizoszvosi
.irristzoszxjo.izxosctzesiztawtrmrariczdoszieyjz.irriszodzrjizf.emk
rilruzTayjzymfjistzvmhjrzwizaticzdoszrjizrsektvmttmokzodznis ztjosr
vittehitzwarzmkzkozorjiszyetiu

RjizymfjiszodzYetiz7,zxmrjzezbi zxosczoszfjsetiz.okhiszrjekzoki-doasrj
odzrjizvittehi,zrjizymfjiszedriszrjizvirjoczodzYetiz7,zatmkhze
yisremkzfehizodzezwoobzetzezbi ,zekczrjizymfjiszxmrjzezsakkmkh
bi ,zxjisizieyjz.irriszodzrjizymfjiszmtzrjizbi zdoszikymfjismkh
rjizkilrz.irris,ze..z.oobztedizekczcitmsew.i,zrjiosirmye.. ,zwar,
fseyrmye.. ,zrjizxosbzodzikymfjismkhzekczciymfjismkhzmtzjofi.itt. 
t.ox,zekczissostzmkzikymfjismkhzoszrsektvmttmokzvebizciymfjismkhznis 
cmddmya.ruzMkymcikre.. zrjizdmstrzekcztiyokczodzrjitizymfjistzyek
wizto.niczw zrjiztfiyme.zto.armokzdoszYetiz7,zekczrjizrjmsczyekzwi
to.niczw zrs mkhzieyjzodzrjizrxikr -tmlz.irristzodzrjize.fjewirzet
rjizdmstrzbi z.irris,zekczrjikzyokrmkamkhzrjizxosbzdoszdmnizosztml
.irristzodzrjizymfjisuzXjikzrjizfsofiszfsmves zbi z.irriszmtzdoakc,
rjizto.armokzodzrjizkilrzdmnizosztmlz.irristzodzrjizymfjiszxm..zvebi
tikti,zekczrjisiedriszrjizymfjiszoddistzkozcmddmya.r u

Rjisizesizkavisoatzorjiszvirjoctzodzfsifesmkhzxjerzmtznmsrae.. ze
nis z.okh,zoszinikzekzmkcidmkmri. z.okhzbi zdsovzeztjosrzbi zxosc,
warze..ztayjzymfjiszvirjoctzjenizrjiztevizfseyrmye.zcmtecnekrehit
odzt.oxkittzodzofisermokzekczcmddmya.r zmkzciymfjismkh,zmdzissostzod
ikymfjismkhzoszrsektvmttmokzjenizwiikzveciu

RjizymfjistzodzKefo.iokzxisiz.okhztismitzodzkavwistzsifsitikrmkh
.irrist,zt ..ew.itzekczxosctuzRji zxisizsie.. zyocit;zekczezyoci
weticzokzrjitizfsmkymf.it,zwarzatmkhz.irristzmktrieczodzkavise.t,
vmhjrzwizino.nicznis zietm. uzRjizXeszCifesrvikrzYoci,zrjizXitrisk
AkmokzYoci,zekc,zmkzdeyr,ze..zyocitzesizkorjmkhzwarztfiyme.mqic
tawtrmrarmokzymfjistzmkzxjmyjzieyjzyocizxosczsifsitikrtzez.irris,
xosczoszfjsetizodzrjizf.emkzrilru




YovwmkiczRsektfotmrmokzekczTawtrmrarmokzVirjoct

Mrzmtzinmcikrzrjerzezvittehizyekzwizikymfjisiczw zek zrsektfotmrmok
virjoc,zekczrjizsita.rzikymfjisiczehemkzw zek ztawtrmrarmokzvirjoc,
osznmyiznisteuzWarzrjmtzrebitzrmvizekcz.iectzrozissostzmkzrjizxosb,zto
rjer,zmdztayjzezfsoyittzmtzivf.o ic,zrjiztawtrmrarmokzekczrsektfotmrmok
ymfjistzaticzesiz.mbi. zrozwiznis ztmvf.izokitzxjmyjzyekzwizofiseric
xmrjzdemszsefmcmr u

Okzfsi.mvmkes zcirisvmkermok,zezymfjiszfsifesiczw ztayjzezyovwmkermok
odzvirjoctzxm..zeffieszrozwizeztawtrmrarmokzymfjiszrozwizto.niczet
tayjuzRjizdsigaiky zrew.izodzrjizsita.rzxm..zsitivw.izrjizkosve.
dsigaiky zrew.i,ze.rjoahjzrjizvittehizxm..ztrm..zwizakmkri..mhmw.i
ekczxizxm..zbkoxzerzokyizrjerzmrzmtzezrsektfotmrmokzymfjiszdos
dasrjiszto.armoku

Rjiztawtrmrarmokzvirjoctzatae.. zdoakczmkzyovwmkermokzymfjistzesi
rjotizodzYetiz4,z5zekcz6,zekczrjizrsektfotmrmokzvirjoczmtzkies. 
e.xe tzYetiz1,zekczfesrmya.es. zrjiztmvf.iznesmirmitzodzrjmtzyeti
.mbizrjizdikyizsem.z(Yetiz1-m),zsinisticzxsmrmkhzosznisrmye.zxsmrmkhu

Ezdixzilevf.itzxm..ztjoxztovizodzrjizfottmw.izyovwmkermoktu

Rjizdmstrz.mkizodzrjizvittehizodzYetiz4-ezmt:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzOWGDOWFWSF


XizvmhjrzxsmrizmrzWDWWFOGOFSz(Yetiz1-m),zoszFSWFWODGWOz(Yetiz1,
sinisticzxsmrmkh),zoszODGWOFSWFWz(Yetiz1,zsinisticzw zhsoaftzodzdmni)u

Rjizdmstrz.mkizodzrjizvittehizodzYetiz2-wzmt:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzT.YODzXIIRKzIWSCOzOSN VzDDICM


XizvmhjrzxsmrizmrzRVCFHzLDDAOzDYTIFzFTXQKzHHDIP,zoszSBWKIzNCCTVzCEGYK
KGAL.zIICYJz(Yetiz4-e,zhomkhzdosxesczokiz.irriszoszweybzokiz.irris)u


Rjitizilevf.itzhmnizekzmciezodzrjizatizodzyovwmkermokzvirjoctuzMrzmt
nis zsesizrozdmkczworjzyovf.myericzrsektfotmrmokzekcztawtrmrarmok
virjoctzaticzmkzyovwmkermokuzMdzokizmtzyovf.myeric,zrjizorjiszxm..
atae.. zwiznis ztmvf.i;zekczoscmkesm. zworjzesiztmvf.i,zrjiztikcis
cifikcmkhzokzrjizyovwmkermokzodzrjizrxozrozerremkzmkciymfjisewm.mr uzMr
mtzinmcikrzjoxzdarm.izrjmtzmciezmtu




VirjoctzodzIkymfjismkhzKavise.t

Mrzmtzdsigaikr. zcitmsew.izroztikczkavise.tzmkzrjizwoc zodzezymfjis
vittehiuzTinise.zymfjiszt trivtzfsitysmwizrjerze..zkavise.tzmkzrji
woc zodzezvittehizvatrzwiztfi..iczoar;zekc,zxjm.izrjisizmtzkozcoawr
warzrjerzrjmtzmktasitzhsieriszeyyasey ,zmrze.tozhsier. zmkysietitzrji
.ikhrjzodztayjzvittehituzMkzvotrzt trivtzmkzxjmyjzmrzmtzfisvmttmw.i
roztikczkavise.t,zrjizdo..oxmkhzt trivzmtzaticuzEkzmkcmyeros,zokizod
rjiz.mrr.izaticz.irristzekczitfiyme.. zL,zmtzmkrisfo.ericzwidosizekc
edriszrjizkavise.zoszkavise.tzrozwizikymfjisic,zekczrjik,zdoszieyj
kavise.,zez.irriszmtztawtrmrariczatmkhzrjmtzoszeztmvm.eszrew.i:


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz1zzz2zzz3zzz4zzz5zzz6zzz7zzz8zzz9zzz0
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzEzzzWzzzYzzzCzzzIzzzDzzzHzzzJzzzMzzzP


Rjizikymfjismkhzodzrjizvittehizrjikzfsoyiict,zcie.mkhzxmrjzrji
mkcmyeroszekcztawtrmraricz.irristzetzmdzrji zxisizrjiz.irristzodze
xoscuzRjizciymfjisiszessmnmkhzerzekzL,zeztismitzodzrjiz.irristzodzrji
ewonizrew.izekczekorjiszL,zyetrtzoarzrjizL'tzekcztawtrmraritzkavwist
doszrjiz.irristu

Tovirmvitzkozmkcmyeroszmtzatic,zwarzrjizt trivzodztawtrmrarmokzodze
yisremkz.irriszdoszieyjzkavise.zmtzdo..oxicuzEhemk,zrjizmkcmyeroszKS
ve zwizaticzmktrieczodzeztmkh.iz.irrisu

Yoknikrmoke.z.irristzve ze.tozwiztawtrmrariczdosztfiyme.zyjeseyrist
.mbiz?,z$,z",z-,zekczfismoctzekczyovvet,zwarzrjmtzmtzsesi. zcokizilyifr
doszrjizfismoczekczgaitrmokzvesbuzRjizyokrilrzxm..zatae.. zcirisvmki
rjizviekmkhzodztayjz.irristzxjikzdoakcuzMkzrjmtzyokkiyrmok,zrjizati
odzLzrozsifsitikrzikczodzeztikrikyizekczGzrozsifsitikrzezgaitrmok
vesbzmtzgamrizyovvoku








YJEFRISzL

ISSOSTzMKzIKYMFJISMKHzEKCzRSEKTVMTTMOK


Okizodzrjizvotrzcmddmya.rzretbtzwidosizrjizymfjiszilfisr,zmtzrji
yossiyrmokzodzissostzxjmyjzysiifzmkrozymfjiszrilrtzmkzrjizfsoyittzod
ikymfjismkhzekczrsektvmttmokzw zri.ihsefjzoszsecmou

Mkztovizymfjiszvirjoctzezvmtrebizmkzikymfjismkhzokiz.irris,zoszrji
ovmttmokzodzokiz.irris,zxm..ztozvmlzafzrjizciymfjismkhzfsoyittzrjer
ok. zokizdevm.meszxmrjztayjzissostzyekzeff. zrjizkiyittes zyossiyrmoktu

Rjizrsektvmttmokzodzymfjiszrilrzoniszrjizri.ihsefjzoszw zsecmozmt
ezt.oxzfsoyitt,zekczvek zdems. zhooczofiserostzyekkorzsiyimniztayj
verrisztermtdeyrosm. ,zwiyeatizrji z.mtrikzdoszxosctzekczhaittzer
.irristzerzrmvituzRjiztfeyicz.irristzmkzEvismyekzVostizesizrjizyeati
odztozvek zissostzmkzyocizrsektvmttmokzrjerzrjizXeszCifesrvikrzYoci
coitzkorzivf.o zek zhsoaftzatmkhzrjivuzMkzdeyr,zrjmtzyocizmtz.mvmric
rozrjiz.irrist


zzzzzzzzzEzzzWzzzCzzzIzzzDzzzHzzzMzzzBzzzVzzzKzzzTzzzRzzzAzzzL


tozrjerzrjisizve zwizezvmkmvavzodztayjzyokdatmoku

Mkzymfjiszxosbzmrzmtzkiyittes ,zakciszoscmkes zymsyavtrekyit,zro
atizek zosze..zodzrjiz.irristzodzrjize.fjewiruzRozettmtrzofiserost
mkzbiifmkhzrjizrilrztrsemhjr,zmrzmtzyatroves zrozcmnmcizymfjiszrilr
mkrozhsoaftzodzdoas,zdmni,ztmlzoszrikz.irrist,zekczatae.. zhsoaftzod
dmniz.irristzesizaticuzRjizsiyimnmkhzofiseroszve zrjikzilfiyrzdmni
.irristzfiszhsoaf,zekczmdzjizsiyimnitzvosizosz.ittzjizmtztasizrjer
imrjiszjizoszrjiztikcmkhzofiseroszjetzvecizekzissosuzRjmtzcmnmtmok
mkrozhsoaftzodzezyoktrekrzkavwiszodz.irristzi.mvmkeritzxosczdosvtzekc,
mkzrjizvmkczodzrjizkok-ilfisr,zmkysietitzrjizcmddmya.r zodzto.nmkhzrji
ymfjisuzWarzrjizmkysietizmkzcmddmya.r zmtzvosizeffesikrzrjekzsie.;
fesrmya.es. ,zetzezymfjiszilevmkiszjewmrae.. zdmkctzjmvti.dzcie.mkh
xmrjzymfjistzxmrjoarzxosczdosvt,zekczrjizoyyassikyizodzezymfjiszxmrj
xosczdosvtzatae.. zviektzrjerzjizjetzekziet zokizrozjekc.iu

Vittehitzesizoyyetmoke.. zikyoakrisiczxjmyjzyoktmtrzfesr. zodzf.emk
rilrzekczfesr. zodzymfjisuzRjizymfjiszfesrzve zoszve zkorzsiremkzmrt
xosczdosvt,zwar,zxjikzrjmtzvirjoczmtzatic,zmrzmtzy.ies. zmvfottmw.i
rozjenizezdmliczkavwiszodz.irristzmkzieyjzymfjiszhsoafzmdzrjizxosc
dosvtzesizkorzaticuzMrzmtze.votrzmvfottmw.izrozfsinikrzissostzod
rsektvmttmokzmkztayjzvittehit,zekczmrzodrikzsigamsitzyoktmcisew.i
tbm..zekcz.ewoszrozyossiyrzrjivu

Doszrjotizakdevm.meszxmrjzrjizri.ihsefjze.fjewirt,zrji zesizhmnik
wi.oxuzVittehitztikrzw zyovvisyme.zoszvm.mres zri.ihsefjtzoszwaqqis
.mkitzxm..zwizrsektvmrriczxmrjzrjizEvismyekzVostize.fjewiruzRjotiztikr
w zsecmo,znmtae.ztmhke..mkhzosztawvesmkizyew.izxm..zwizrsektvmrric
w zYokrmkikre.zVosti,zbkoxkze.tozetzrjizMkriskermoke.zYociuzVittehit
ve zwizrsektvmrriczw zworjze.fjewirtzmkzyoastizodzrsektvmttmokuzDos
ilevf.i,zezyew.ihsevzdsovzrjizFjm.mffmkitzrozKovi,zE.etbe,zxm..zwi
rsektvmrriczw zYokrmkikre.zVostiz(yovvisyme.zyew.i)zdsovzVekm.ezrozTek
Dsekymtyo,zw zEvismyekzVostiz(yovvisyme.z.ekcz.mki)zdsovzTekzDsekymtyo
rozTierr.i,zw zYokrmkikre.zVostiz(vm.mres zyew.i)zdsovzTierr.izro
Ne.ciq,zw zEvismyekzVostiz(vm.mres z.ekcz.mki)zdsovzNe.ciqzrozKa.ero
ekczw zYokrmkikre.zVostiz(vm.mres zsecmo)zdsovzKa.erozrozKoviu

FsmoszrozDiwsaes ,z1914,zrjizVilmyekzhoniskvikrzri.ihsefjz.mkitzatic
ekze.fjewirzcmddismkhzt.mhjr. zdsovzrjizEvismyekzekczYokrmkikre.
VostiuzJoxinis,zerzrjerzrmvi,zrjizYokrmkikre.zVostize.fjewirzxet
fsitysmwiczdoszatizokzrjitiz.mkitzekczmrzmtzwi.miniczrjerzrjizati
odzrjizo.cze.fjewirzjetzikrmsi. zyieticzokzVilmyekz.mkituzJoxinis,
tbm..iczEvismyekzofiserostzxoa.czjenizkozcmddmya.r zmkzfmybmkhzaf
rjmtze.fjewirzmdzmrzxisizdoakczrozwizmkzatiu

Secmozyovvakmyermokzmt,zw zMkriskermoke.zYoknikrmok,zmknesmew. zmk
Yokrmkikre.zVostiu


Ri.ihsefjzE.fjewirt

zzzzYjeseyriszzzzzzzEvismyekzVostizzzYokrmkikre.zVosti
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzoszMkriskermoke.zYoci

zzzzEzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuz-zzzzzzzzzzzzzzuz-
zzzzWzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-zuzuzuzzzzzzzzzz-zuzuzu
zzzzYzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzuzzuzzzzzzzzzzz-zuz-zu
zzzzCzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-zuzuzzzzzzzzzzzz-zuzu
zzzzIzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzu
zzzzDzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuz-zuzzzzzzzzzzzzuzuz-zu
zzzzHzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-z-zuzzzzzzzzzzzz-z-zu
zzzzJzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzuzuzuzzzzzzzzzzuzuzuzu
zzzzMzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzuzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzu
zzzzPzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-zuz-zuzzzzzzzzzzuz-z-z-
zzzzBzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-zuz-zzzzzzzzzzzz-zuz-
zzzz.zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz--zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuz-zuzu
zzzzVzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-z-zzzzzzzzzzzzzz-z-
zzzzKzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-zuzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-zu
zzzzOzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzzuzzzzzzzzzzzzz-z-z-
zzzzFzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzuzuzuzuzzzzzzzzuz-z-zu
zzzzGzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzuz-zuzzzzzzzzzz-z-zuz-
zzzzSzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzzuzuzzzzzzzzzzzuz-zu
zzzzTzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzuzuzzzzzzzzzzzzuzuzu
zzzzRzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-
zzzzAzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzuz-zzzzzzzzzzzzuzuz-
zzzzNzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzuzuz-zzzzzzzzzzuzuzuz-
zzzzXzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuz-z-zzzzzzzzzzzzuz-z-
zzzzLzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuz-zuzuzzzzzzzzzz-zuzuz-
zzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzuzzuzuzzzzzzzzz-zuz-z-
zzzzQzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzuzuzzuzzzzzzzzz-z-zuzu
zzzz1zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuz-z-zuzzzzzzzzzzuz-z-z-z-
zzzz2zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzuz-zuzuzzzzzzzzuzuz-z-z-
zzzz3zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzuzuz-zuzzzzzzzzuzuzuz-z-
zzzz4zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzuzuzuz-zzzzzzzzuzuzuzuz-
zzzz5zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-z-z-zzzzzzzzzzzzuzuzuzuzu
zzzz6zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzuzuzuzuzuzuzzzzzz-zuzuzuzu
zzzz7zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-z-zuzuzzzzzzzzzz-z-zuzuzu
zzzz8zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-zuzuzuzuzzzzzzzz-z-z-zuzu
zzzz9zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz-zuzuz-zzzzzzzzzz-z-z-z-zu
zzzz0zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz----zzzzzzzzzzzzz-z-z-z-z-
zzzzFismoczzzzzzzzzzuzuz-z-zuzuzzzzzzuz-zuz-zuz-
zzzzGaitrmokzVesbzzz-zuzuz-zuzzzzzzzzuzuz-z-zuzu
zzzzYovvezzzzzzzzzzzuz-zuz-zzzzzzzzzz-z-zuzuz-z-


Rjizdo..oxmkhzilevf.izxm..ztjoxztovizodzrjizissostzrjerzysiifzmkro
vittehitzfsifesiczxmrjzrjizymfjiszcmtbzekczrsektvmrriczw zsecmo:




Vittehi


zzzzSecmozCoah.etzcizI.zFeto,z2zJz71,zrxikr -dmdrj,z9:00zeuvu,
zzzzHonruzRozYuOu,zTmlrjzWsmheci,zCoah.et,zEsmqoke:

zzzzPFSQMzSCPTHzLRSVPzATDFYzSIY.EzWYFYWzOELFBzGIGBDzFFQEIzWBARRzPJXIA
zzzzEJFQIzIQO.RzJBLFJzBMJENzCSOCKzMEFQYz.NAVFzBDAWNzNRNKNzIDNQNzR.NGT
zzzzWBEJGzKNBNDzVHPRJzOXWHKzXXIFOz.PBDFzJILBXzYFC.QzPXTGYzPNBMHzJRPJR
zzzzIHEJEzHCLLBzWTFFBzCMENQzNGOKYzJONCEzNQGBXzDKNOKzSFNHJzYADFNzTDFMI
zzzzROQOCzXH DIzEXKP zBOICXzAVI.CzKOWAJzVAFG.zH OFFzOCWEWzADAAYzEIOPX
zzzzSCMFBzXVOBNzOVMYXzYBFMJz.AVT z OTWHzXOFJNzFBOVOzFJHIS

zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTvmrju


Rjizbi zxosczmtzERYJMTOK,zrjizymfjiszcmtbzwimkhzaticzekczrjiztirrmkh
yjekhiczdoszinis z.irriszodzrjizvittehiuzRjiz.irriszLzmkcmyeritze
fismoczxjisizmrzmtzinmcikr. zkorzez.irriszodzezxoscu

Ciymfjismkhzrjizvittehizxmrjzrjmtzbi zekczvirjoczxizjeni:


zzzzSI.MEzW.IMKzDOSHDzRMOKDzSOVYEzTETHSzEKCITzSIYIMz.ICJIzSIRJEzREVOA
zzzzKRICCzIREYJzVTBR.zIDRRJzISI.EzTRKMHzJRROIzTYOSRzTJ VFzIKRODzESVTE
zzzzKCEVVzAKMRMzOKROWzITVAHzH.ICEzYSPLTzWOSCIzSKILRzDSMCEz KMHJzREREF
zzzzOMKRRzXI.NIzVMIKLzDBOTW


Wi okczrjmtzfomkrzrjizvittehi,zmdzxizyokrmkaizrjizciymfjismkhzfsoyitt,
mtzakmkri..mhmw.iuzRjiztiktizdem.tzerzrjizdmstrzFzodzrjizymfjiszhsoaf
WTFFBuzXizjenizrsekt.ericzWzetzVzxmrjzcmtbzEzrozKzekczTzetzMzxmrj
cmtbzEzrozEuzRjiz.etrzxosctzrjerzvebiztiktizesizEzFOMKRzRXI.NIzVM;
y.ies. zrjizsitrzodzrjiz.etrzxosczmtz.ITzekczrjmtzmtzsifsitikriczw 
FFBuzFarrmkhzF=.zrjikzE=EzekczfarrmkhzF=IzrjikzE=RuzMkzorjiszxosct,
rjizikymfjisiszdoshorzrozyjekhizjmtzcmtbztirrmkh,zEzrozE,zedris
ikymfjismkhzMzmkrozTzekczikymfjisicz.zmkrozFzxmrjzrjizteviztirrmkh,
EzrozEuzYokrmkamkhzrjizciymfjismkhzokzrjmtzwetmt,zxizjeni:


zzzzzz.ITzIETROzDCOAHz.ETuRzJMTMTzMK OAzSCMTRzSMYRuzXM.. zOAREBzIKIYI
zzzzTTESNzTRIFTzROFSIzNIKRRzJMTTJzMFVIKzRDSOVzHOMKHzTBQSLz.IECIzSODTV
zzzzAHH.IzSTTE.zCROWIzPAEKJzISKEKzCIQODzKEYOu


Rjizvmkoszissostzakcis.mkiczewonizesizkorzcmddmya.rzrozyossiyrzilyifr
rjiztmlrjzxosczmkzrjizimhjrjz.mkiuzRji zxm..zwizrebikzafzjoxiniszdos
eke. tmtzodzyeatizodzissosu

.mkiz1,zHDztjoa.czwizVEuzFarrmkhzrjiz.erriszmkrozymfjiszxizdmkczrji
.irristzodzrjizymfjisztjoa.czjenizwiikzHOzmktrieczodzVPuzRjmtzmt
y.ies. zezri.ihsefjis'tzissos,z--uz---zwiyovmkhz--zu---

.mkiz2,z.ztjoa.czwizNuzRjizyossitfokcmkhzymfjisz.irrisztjoa.czwizD
mktrieczodzFuzRjmtzmtzekzissoszodzrjizikymfjisiszmkzyof mkhu

.mkiz2,zTBztjoa.czwizIKuzRjizyossitfokcmkhzymfjisz.irristztjoa.czwiz A
mktrieczodzBLuzEkorjiszri.ihsefjis'tzissos,z-u--zuu-zwiyovmkhz-u-z-uu-

.mkiz3,z ztjoa.czwizMuzRjizyossitfokcmkhzymfjisz.irrisztjoa.czwiz.
mktrieczodzNuzEkorjiszissoszmkzyof mkhzw zrjizikymfjisisu

.mkiz4,zPLztjoa.czwizOTuzRjizyossitfokcmkhzymfjisz.irristztjoa.czwi
DBzmktrieczodzBD;zekzissoszokzrjizfesrzodzrjizikymfjisiszmkzyof mkhu

.mkiz7,zNztjoa.czwiz uzEzvmtrebizmkzyof mkhu

.mkiz8,zTBQSLuzMdzxizrebizLzetzezfismoc,zrjikzrjmtz.mkizvmhjrzwizONIS,
rjizSzwimkhzyossiyrzekczTBQzwimkhzmkzgaitrmokuzRjizyossitfokcmkh
ymfjisz.irristzesizEIOzekczmdzxizikymfjiszONIzxizhirzIRPuzJisizehemk
xizjenizezri.ihsefjis'tzissos,zuz-zu---zwiyovmkhzu-zuz---

.mkiz9,z.ztjoa.czwizMuzRjizyossitfokcmkhzymfjisz.irrisztjoa.czwizB
mktrieczodzJ;zekzissoszmkzyof mkhzw zrjizikymfjisisu

Rjizissostzw zrjizikymfjisiszewonizkoriczesizdems. zyovvokzokituzRjiti
ekcztmvm.eszissostzesizatae.. zdoakczxjikzezymfjiszvittehi,zfsifesic
etzezsoahjzcsedrzw zrjizikymfjisis,zmtzyofmiczw zezy.isbzekczezyesida.
yjiybzodzrjizyof zmtzkorzveciuzRjiz.irristzvmtrebikzcifikc,zodzyoasti,
okzrjizikymfjisis'tzjekczxsmrmkhzoszfsmkrmkhuzOrjiszissost,zwitmcit
rjotizkoric,zesizrjizyokdatmokzodzY,zH,zekczG;zM,zekczP;zWzekczS,ziryu

Rjizissoszw zrjizikymfjisis,zmkzkorzyjekhmkhzjmtzcmtbztirrmkhzdos
okiz.irriszekczrjatzrjsoxmkhzoarzrjizxjo.izfsoyittzodzciymfjismkh,
xoa.czkorzjenizoyyassiczjeczjizfarzrjizvittehizmkrozimhjrzyo.avktzosze
va.rmf.izrjisiodzekczikymfjisiczieyjzyo.avkzxmrjzokizcmtbztirrmkhuzRjmt
.erriszvirjoczmtze.toznis zvayjzdetrisu

Ri.ihsefjist'zissostzmkzymfjiszrsektvmttmokzesizyovvokzekczodrik
nis zyokdatmkhuzKoriztjoa.czwizrebikzetzrozxjirjiszYokrmkikre.zos
EvismyekzVostizxetzaticzdoszrsektvmttmokuzEkzeke. tmtze.okhzrjiz.mkit
mkcmyericzxm..zatae.. zcini.ofzrjizissoszekczyossiyrmokuzMdzkor,
ezsifirmrmokztjoa.czwizcivekcic,zye..mkhzerrikrmok,zmdzfottmw.i,
rozrjizfesrmya.eszhsoaftzrjerzesizkorzy.iesu

Rjizciymfjisiczekczyossiyriczvittehizmt:

zzzz"Si.mew.izmkdosvermokzdsovzYetetzHsekcitzsiyimniczjisizrjerze
zzzzvoakriczcireyjvikrz.idrzrjisiz.etrzkmhjrzrozityosrztjmfvikrzod
zzzzesvtzekczevvakmrmokzrozwiztvahh.iczeysottzwosciszkilrzDsmce 
zzzzkmhjr,zerzezfomkrzrxi.nizvm.itzietrzodzCoah.etuzRjmtzmtzmkz oas
zzzzcmtrsmyruzXm..z oazrebizkiyittes ztriftzrozfsinikrzrjmtztjmfvikr
zzzzhomkhzonis?z.ieciszodztvahh.istztemczrozwizPaekzJiskekciqzodzKeyou"

Ekorjiszsivesbew.izilevf.izodzissostzmkzrsektvmttmokzw zEvismyekzVosti
mtzrjizdo..oxmkh:zEzvittehi,zfesr. zmkzymfjiszekczfesr. zmkzf.emkzrilr,
yokremkiczrjizymfjiszxosct


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzHEzHRLMIMRzIMCMTLG


Rjmt,zciymfjisiczetzdeszetzfottmw.izw zrjize.fjewirzcirisvmkiczw 
eke. tmtzodzrjizsitrzodzrjizymfjis,zsiec


zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzTAzTVI_ _Vz _O_HIT


Mrzxetzdmke.. zciymciczrjerzrjizyokrilrzsigamsiczeztmkh.izxoscz.mbi
TATFIKCMOzoszTATFIKCMO.ITzdoszrjmtzymfjiszhsoafuzEkzilevmkermokze.okh
rjmtz.mkiztjoxiczrjerzrjizymfjiszxosctztjoa.czjenizwiik


siyimniczzzzzzzzzzzzHzzzEzzzHzzz.zzzLzzzYzzzzAzzzzSzzzzCzzzFzzzzLzzzH
ekczxisizsiyimniczzzHzzzEzzzHzzzRzzzLzzzMIzzzMRzzzIMzzzCzzzMTzzzLzzzG


ekczrjerzrjisizxisizdmnizissostzmkzrsektvmttmokzmkzrjitizrjsiizymfjis
hsoaftze.okiu








KORIT

[1]zOyyassikyizsesi,zatae.. zmkzfsofiszkevitu

[2]zRjizvirjoczaticzmtzkorzrjizvotrztermtdeyros zokizdosztinise.
sietoktzekczezwirriszvirjoczmtzrjerzodzxsmrmkhzrjizvittehizmkzva.rmf.it
odzrjizbi zekczikymfjismkhzrjizyo.avktzetze.siec zcitysmwicu






IkczodzrjizFsopiyrzHarikwishzIWoobzodzVekae.zdoszrjizTo.armokzodzVm.mres 
Ymfjist,zw zFesbiszJmrr

***zIKCzODzRJMTzFSOPIYRzHARIKWISHzIWOOBzVM.MRES zYMFJISTz***

*****zRjmtzdm.iztjoa.czwizkevicz48871-8urlrzosz48871-8uqmfz*****
Rjmtzekcze..zettoymericzdm.itzodznesmoatzdosvertzxm..zwizdoakczmk:
zzzzzzzzjrrf://xxxuharikwishuosh/4/8/8/7/48871/

Fsocayiczw zPisoikzJi..mkhvekzekczrjizOk.mkizCmtrsmwaric
FsoodsiecmkhzRievzerzjrrf://xxxufhcfukir/zdoszFsopiyr
Harikwishz(Rjmtzdm.izxetzfsocayiczdsovzmvehitzhikisoat. 
vecizenem.ew.izw zRjizMkriskirzEsyjmni/Evismyekz.mwsesmitu)


Afcericzicmrmoktzxm..zsif.eyizrjizfsinmoatzoki--rjizo.czicmrmokt
xm..zwizsikevicu

Ysiermkhzrjizxosbtzdsovzfaw.myzcovemkzfsmkrzicmrmoktzviektzrjerzko
okizoxktzezAkmriczTreritzyof smhjrzmkzrjitizxosbt,ztozrjizDoakcermok
(ekcz oa!)zyekzyof zekczcmtrsmwarizmrzmkzrjizAkmriczTreritzxmrjoar
fisvmttmokzekczxmrjoarzfe mkhzyof smhjrzso e.rmituzzTfiyme.zsa.it,
tirzdosrjzmkzrjizHikise.zRisvtzodzAtizfesrzodzrjmtz.myikti,zeff. zro
yof mkhzekczcmtrsmwarmkhzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzi.iyrsokmyzxosbtzro
fsoriyrzrjizFSOPIYRzHARIKWISH-rvzyokyifrzekczrsecivesbuzzFsopiyr
Harikwishzmtzezsihmtrisiczrsecivesb,zekczve zkorzwizaticzmdz oa
yjeshizdoszrjiziWoobt,zak.ittz oazsiyimniztfiymdmyzfisvmttmokuzzMdz oa
cozkorzyjeshizek rjmkhzdoszyofmitzodzrjmtziWoob,zyovf. mkhzxmrjzrji
sa.itzmtznis ziet uzz oazve zatizrjmtziWoobzdoszkies. zek zfasfoti
tayjzetzysiermokzodzcismnermnizxosbt,zsifosrt,zfisdosvekyitzekc
sitiesyjuzzRji zve zwizvocmdmiczekczfsmkriczekczhmnikzexe -- oazve zco
fseyrmye.. zEK RJMKHzxmrjzfaw.myzcovemkziWoobtuzzSicmtrsmwarmokzmt
tawpiyrzrozrjizrsecivesbz.myikti,zitfiyme.. zyovvisyme.
sicmtrsmwarmoku



***zTRESR:zDA..z.MYIKTIz***

RJIzDA..zFSOPIYRzHARIKWISHz.MYIKTI
F.IETIzSIECzRJMTzWIDOSIz OAzCMTRSMWARIzOSzATIzRJMTzXOSB

RozfsoriyrzrjizFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzvmttmokzodzfsovormkhzrjizdsii
cmtrsmwarmokzodzi.iyrsokmyzxosbt,zw zatmkhzoszcmtrsmwarmkhzrjmtzxosb
(oszek zorjiszxosbzettoymericzmkzek zxe zxmrjzrjizfjsetiz"Fsopiyr
Harikwish"),z oazehsiizrozyovf. zxmrjze..zrjizrisvtzodzrjizDa..zFsopiyr
Harikwish-rvz.myiktizenem.ew.izxmrjzrjmtzdm.izoszok.mkizer
zzxxxuharikwishuosh/.myiktiu


Tiyrmokz1uzzHikise.zRisvtzodzAtizekczSicmtrsmwarmkhzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rv
i.iyrsokmyzxosbt

1uEuzzW zsiecmkhzoszatmkhzek zfesrzodzrjmtzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rv
i.iyrsokmyzxosb,z oazmkcmyerizrjerz oazjenizsiec,zakcistrekc,zehsiizro
ekczeyyifrze..zrjizrisvtzodzrjmtz.myiktizekczmkri..iyrae.zfsofisr 
(rsecivesb/yof smhjr)zehsiivikruzzMdz oazcozkorzehsiizrozewmcizw ze..
rjizrisvtzodzrjmtzehsiivikr,z oazvatrzyietizatmkhzekczsiraskzoszcitrso 
e..zyofmitzodzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzi.iyrsokmyzxosbtzmkz oaszfottittmoku
Mdz oazfemczezdiizdoszowremkmkhzezyof zodzoszeyyittzrozezFsopiyr
Harikwish-rvzi.iyrsokmyzxosbzekcz oazcozkorzehsiizrozwizwoakczw zrji
risvtzodzrjmtzehsiivikr,z oazve zowremkzezsidakczdsovzrjizfistokzos
ikrmr zrozxjovz oazfemczrjizdiizetztirzdosrjzmkzfesehsefjz1uIu8u

1uWuzz"FsopiyrzHarikwish"zmtzezsihmtrisiczrsecivesbuzzMrzve zok. zwi
aticzokzoszettoymericzmkzek zxe zxmrjzekzi.iyrsokmyzxosbzw zfiof.izxjo
ehsiizrozwizwoakczw zrjizrisvtzodzrjmtzehsiivikruzzRjisizesizezdix
rjmkhtzrjerz oazyekzcozxmrjzvotrzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzi.iyrsokmyzxosbt
inikzxmrjoarzyovf. mkhzxmrjzrjizda..zrisvtzodzrjmtzehsiivikruzzTii
fesehsefjz1uYzwi.oxuzzRjisizesizez.orzodzrjmkhtz oazyekzcozxmrjzFsopiyr
Harikwish-rvzi.iyrsokmyzxosbtzmdz oazdo..oxzrjizrisvtzodzrjmtzehsiivikr
ekczji.fzfsitisnizdsiizdarasizeyyittzrozFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzi.iyrsokmy
xosbtuzzTiizfesehsefjz1uIzwi.oxu

1uYuzzRjizFsopiyrzHarikwishz.mrises zEsyjmnizDoakcermokz("rjizDoakcermok"
oszFH.ED),zoxktzezyovfm.ermokzyof smhjrzmkzrjizyo..iyrmokzodzFsopiyr
Harikwish-rvzi.iyrsokmyzxosbtuzzKies. ze..zrjizmkcmnmcae.zxosbtzmkzrji
yo..iyrmokzesizmkzrjizfaw.myzcovemkzmkzrjizAkmriczTrerituzzMdzek
mkcmnmcae.zxosbzmtzmkzrjizfaw.myzcovemkzmkzrjizAkmriczTreritzekcz oazesi
.oyericzmkzrjizAkmriczTrerit,zxizcozkorzy.emvzezsmhjrzrozfsinikrz oazdsov
yof mkh,zcmtrsmwarmkh,zfisdosvmkh,zcmtf.e mkhzoszysiermkhzcismnermni
xosbtzweticzokzrjizxosbzetz.okhzetze..zsidisikyitzrozFsopiyrzHarikwish
esizsivonicuzzOdzyoasti,zxizjofizrjerz oazxm..ztaffosrzrjizFsopiyr
Harikwish-rvzvmttmokzodzfsovormkhzdsiizeyyittzrozi.iyrsokmyzxosbtzw 
dsii. ztjesmkhzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzxosbtzmkzyovf.mekyizxmrjzrjizrisvtzod
rjmtzehsiivikrzdoszbiifmkhzrjizFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzkevizettoymericzxmrj
rjizxosbuzz oazyekzietm. zyovf. zxmrjzrjizrisvtzodzrjmtzehsiivikrzw 
biifmkhzrjmtzxosbzmkzrjiztevizdosverzxmrjzmrtzerreyjiczda..zFsopiyr
Harikwish-rvz.myiktizxjikz oaztjesizmrzxmrjoarzyjeshizxmrjzorjistu

1uCuzzRjizyof smhjrz.extzodzrjizf.eyizxjisiz oazesiz.oyericze.tozhonisk
xjerz oazyekzcozxmrjzrjmtzxosbuzzYof smhjrz.extzmkzvotrzyoakrsmitzesizmk
ezyoktrekrztrerizodzyjekhiuzzMdz oazesizoartmcizrjizAkmriczTrerit,zyjiyb
rjiz.extzodz oaszyoakrs zmkzeccmrmokzrozrjizrisvtzodzrjmtzehsiivikr
widosizcoxk.oecmkh,zyof mkh,zcmtf.e mkh,zfisdosvmkh,zcmtrsmwarmkhzos
ysiermkhzcismnermnizxosbtzweticzokzrjmtzxosbzoszek zorjiszFsopiyr
Harikwish-rvzxosbuzzRjizDoakcermokzvebitzkozsifsitikrermoktzyokyiskmkh
rjizyof smhjrztreratzodzek zxosbzmkzek zyoakrs zoartmcizrjizAkmric
Treritu

1uIuzzAk.ittz oazjenizsivonicze..zsidisikyitzrozFsopiyrzHarikwish:

1uIu1uzzRjizdo..oxmkhztikrikyi,zxmrjzeyrmniz.mkbtzro,zoszorjiszmvvicmeri
eyyittzro,zrjizda..zFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvz.myiktizvatrzeffieszfsovmkikr. 
xjikiniszek zyof zodzezFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzxosbz(ek zxosbzokzxjmyjzrji
fjsetiz"FsopiyrzHarikwish"zeffiest,zoszxmrjzxjmyjzrjizfjsetiz"Fsopiyr
Harikwish"zmtzettoymeric)zmtzeyyittic,zcmtf.e ic,zfisdosvic,znmixic,
yofmiczoszcmtrsmwaric:

RjmtziWoobzmtzdoszrjizatizodzek okizek xjisizerzkozyotrzekczxmrj
e.votrzkozsitrsmyrmoktzxjertoinisuzz oazve zyof zmr,zhmnizmrzexe zos
si-atizmrzakciszrjizrisvtzodzrjizFsopiyrzHarikwishz.myiktizmky.acic
xmrjzrjmtziWoobzoszok.mkizerzxxxuharikwishuosh

1uIu2uzzMdzekzmkcmnmcae.zFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzi.iyrsokmyzxosbzmtzcismnic
dsovzrjizfaw.myzcovemkz(coitzkorzyokremkzezkormyizmkcmyermkhzrjerzmrzmt
fotriczxmrjzfisvmttmokzodzrjizyof smhjrzjo.cis),zrjizxosbzyekzwizyofmic
ekczcmtrsmwariczrozek okizmkzrjizAkmriczTreritzxmrjoarzfe mkhzek zdiit
oszyjeshituzzMdz oazesizsicmtrsmwarmkhzoszfsonmcmkhzeyyittzrozezxosb
xmrjzrjizfjsetiz"FsopiyrzHarikwish"zettoymericzxmrjzoszeffiesmkhzokzrji
xosb,z oazvatrzyovf. zimrjiszxmrjzrjizsigamsivikrtzodzfesehsefjtz1uIu1
rjsoahjz1uIu7zoszowremkzfisvmttmokzdoszrjizatizodzrjizxosbzekczrji
FsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzrsecivesbzetztirzdosrjzmkzfesehsefjtz1uIu8zos
1uIu9u

1uIu3uzzMdzekzmkcmnmcae.zFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzi.iyrsokmyzxosbzmtzfotric
xmrjzrjizfisvmttmokzodzrjizyof smhjrzjo.cis,z oaszatizekczcmtrsmwarmok
vatrzyovf. zxmrjzworjzfesehsefjtz1uIu1zrjsoahjz1uIu7zekczek zeccmrmoke.
risvtzmvfoticzw zrjizyof smhjrzjo.cisuzzEccmrmoke.zrisvtzxm..zwiz.mkbic
rozrjizFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvz.myiktizdosze..zxosbtzfotriczxmrjzrji
fisvmttmokzodzrjizyof smhjrzjo.ciszdoakczerzrjizwihmkkmkhzodzrjmtzxosbu

1uIu4uzzCozkorzak.mkbzoszcireyjzoszsivonizrjizda..zFsopiyrzHarikwish-rv
.myiktizrisvtzdsovzrjmtzxosb,zoszek zdm.itzyokremkmkhzezfesrzodzrjmt
xosbzoszek zorjiszxosbzettoymericzxmrjzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvu

1uIu5uzzCozkorzyof ,zcmtf.e ,zfisdosv,zcmtrsmwarizoszsicmtrsmwarizrjmt
i.iyrsokmyzxosb,zoszek zfesrzodzrjmtzi.iyrsokmyzxosb,zxmrjoar
fsovmkikr. zcmtf.e mkhzrjiztikrikyiztirzdosrjzmkzfesehsefjz1uIu1zxmrj
eyrmniz.mkbtzoszmvvicmerizeyyittzrozrjizda..zrisvtzodzrjizFsopiyr
Harikwish-rvz.myiktiu

1uIu6uzz oazve zyoknisrzrozekczcmtrsmwarizrjmtzxosbzmkzek zwmkes ,
yovfsittic,zvesbiczaf,zkokfsofsmires zoszfsofsmires zdosv,zmky.acmkhzek 
xosczfsoyittmkhzoszj fisrilrzdosvuzzJoxinis,zmdz oazfsonmcizeyyittzrozos
cmtrsmwarizyofmitzodzezFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzxosbzmkzezdosverzorjiszrjek
"F.emkzNekm..ezETYMM"zoszorjiszdosverzaticzmkzrjizoddmyme.znistmok
fotriczokzrjizoddmyme.zFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzxiwztmriz(xxxuharikwishuosh),
 oazvatr,zerzkozeccmrmoke.zyotr,zdiizoszilfiktizrozrjizatis,zfsonmcize
yof ,zezviektzodzilfosrmkhzezyof ,zoszezviektzodzowremkmkhzezyof zafok
sigaitr,zodzrjizxosbzmkzmrtzosmhmke.z"F.emkzNekm..ezETYMM"zoszorjis
dosvuzzEk ze.riskerizdosverzvatrzmky.acizrjizda..zFsopiyrzHarikwish-rv
.myiktizetztfiymdmiczmkzfesehsefjz1uIu1u

1uIu7uzzCozkorzyjeshizezdiizdoszeyyittzro,znmixmkh,zcmtf.e mkh,
fisdosvmkh,zyof mkhzoszcmtrsmwarmkhzek zFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzxosbt
ak.ittz oazyovf. zxmrjzfesehsefjz1uIu8zosz1uIu9u

1uIu8uzz oazve zyjeshizezsietokew.izdiizdoszyofmitzodzoszfsonmcmkh
eyyittzrozoszcmtrsmwarmkhzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzi.iyrsokmyzxosbtzfsonmcic
rjer

-z oazfe zezso e.r zdiizodz20%zodzrjizhsottzfsodmrtz oazcismnizdsov
zzzzzrjizatizodzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzxosbtzye.ya.ericzatmkhzrjizvirjoc
zzzzz oaze.siec zatizrozye.ya.eriz oaszeff.myew.izrelituzzRjizdiizmt
zzzzzoxiczrozrjizoxkiszodzrjizFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzrsecivesb,zwarzji
zzzzzjetzehsiiczrozcokerizso e.rmitzakciszrjmtzfesehsefjzrozrji
zzzzzFsopiyrzHarikwishz.mrises zEsyjmnizDoakcermokuzzSo e.r zfe vikrt
zzzzzvatrzwizfemczxmrjmkz60zce tzdo..oxmkhzieyjzcerizokzxjmyjz oa
zzzzzfsifesiz(oszesiz.ihe.. zsigamsiczrozfsifesi)z oaszfismocmyzrel
zzzzzsirasktuzzSo e.r zfe vikrtztjoa.czwizy.ies. zvesbiczetztayjzekc
zzzzztikrzrozrjizFsopiyrzHarikwishz.mrises zEsyjmnizDoakcermokzerzrji
zzzzzeccsittztfiymdmiczmkzTiyrmokz4,z"Mkdosvermokzewoarzcokermoktzro
zzzzzrjizFsopiyrzHarikwishz.mrises zEsyjmnizDoakcermoku"

-z oazfsonmcizezda..zsidakczodzek zvoki zfemczw zezatiszxjozkormdmit
zzzzz oazmkzxsmrmkhz(oszw zi-vem.)zxmrjmkz30zce tzodzsiyimfrzrjerzt/ji
zzzzzcoitzkorzehsiizrozrjizrisvtzodzrjizda..zFsopiyrzHarikwish-rv
zzzzz.myiktiuzz oazvatrzsigamsiztayjzezatiszrozsiraskzos
zzzzzcitrso ze..zyofmitzodzrjizxosbtzfottitticzmkzezfj tmye.zvicmav
zzzzzekczcmtyokrmkaize..zatizodzekcze..zeyyittzrozorjiszyofmitzod
zzzzzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzxosbtu

-z oazfsonmci,zmkzeyyoscekyizxmrjzfesehsefjz1uDu3,zezda..zsidakczodzek 
zzzzzvoki zfemczdoszezxosbzoszezsif.eyivikrzyof ,zmdzezcidiyrzmkzrji
zzzzzi.iyrsokmyzxosbzmtzcmtyonisiczekczsifosriczroz oazxmrjmkz90zce t
zzzzzodzsiyimfrzodzrjizxosbu

-z oazyovf. zxmrjze..zorjiszrisvtzodzrjmtzehsiivikrzdoszdsii
zzzzzcmtrsmwarmokzodzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzxosbtu

1uIu9uzzMdz oazxmtjzrozyjeshizezdiizoszcmtrsmwarizezFsopiyrzHarikwish-rv
i.iyrsokmyzxosbzoszhsoafzodzxosbtzokzcmddisikrzrisvtzrjekzesiztir
dosrjzmkzrjmtzehsiivikr,z oazvatrzowremkzfisvmttmokzmkzxsmrmkhzdsov
worjzrjizFsopiyrzHarikwishz.mrises zEsyjmnizDoakcermokzekczVmyjei.
Jesr,zrjizoxkiszodzrjizFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzrsecivesbuzzYokreyrzrji
DoakcermokzetztirzdosrjzmkzTiyrmokz3zwi.oxu

1uDu

1uDu1uzzFsopiyrzHarikwishzno.akriistzekczivf.o iitzilfikczyoktmcisew.i
iddosrzrozmcikrmd ,zcozyof smhjrzsitiesyjzok,zrsektysmwizekczfsoodsiec
faw.myzcovemkzxosbtzmkzysiermkhzrjizFsopiyrzHarikwish-rv
yo..iyrmokuzzCitfmrizrjitiziddosrt,zFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzi.iyrsokmy
xosbt,zekczrjizvicmavzokzxjmyjzrji zve zwiztrosic,zve zyokremk
"Cidiyrt,"ztayjzet,zwarzkorz.mvmriczro,zmkyovf.iri,zmkeyyaserizos
yossafrzcere,zrsektysmfrmokzissost,zezyof smhjrzoszorjiszmkri..iyrae.
fsofisr zmkdsmkhivikr,zezcidiyrmnizoszcevehiczcmtbzoszorjiszvicmav,ze
yovfarisznmsat,zoszyovfariszyocitzrjerzcevehizoszyekkorzwizsieczw 
 oaszigamfvikru

1uDu2uzz.MVMRICzXESSEKR ,zCMTY.EMVISzODzCEVEHITz-zIlyifrzdoszrjiz"Smhjr
odzSif.eyivikrzoszSidakc"zcitysmwiczmkzfesehsefjz1uDu3,zrjizFsopiyr
Harikwishz.mrises zEsyjmnizDoakcermok,zrjizoxkiszodzrjizFsopiyr
Harikwish-rvzrsecivesb,zekczek zorjiszfesr zcmtrsmwarmkhzezFsopiyr
Harikwish-rvzi.iyrsokmyzxosbzakciszrjmtzehsiivikr,zcmty.emvze..
.mewm.mr zroz oazdoszcevehit,zyotrtzekczilfiktit,zmky.acmkhz.ihe.
diituzz OAzEHSIIzRJERz OAzJENIzKOzSIVICMITzDOSzKIH.MHIKYI,zTRSMYR
.MEWM.MR ,zWSIEYJzODzXESSEKR zOSzWSIEYJzODzYOKRSEYRzILYIFRzRJOTI
FSONMCICzMKzFESEHSEFJz1uDu3uzz OAzEHSIIzRJERzRJIzDOAKCERMOK,zRJI
RSECIVESBzOXKIS,zEKCzEK zCMTRSMWAROSzAKCISzRJMTzEHSIIVIKRzXM..zKORzWI
.MEW.IzROz OAzDOSzEYRAE.,zCMSIYR,zMKCMSIYR,zYOKTIGAIKRME.,zFAKMRMNIzOS
MKYMCIKRE.zCEVEHITzINIKzMDz OAzHMNIzKORMYIzODzRJIzFOTTMWM.MR zODzTAYJ
CEVEHIu

1uDu3uzz.MVMRICzSMHJRzODzSIF.EYIVIKRzOSzSIDAKCz-zMdz oazcmtyonisze
cidiyrzmkzrjmtzi.iyrsokmyzxosbzxmrjmkz90zce tzodzsiyimnmkhzmr,z oazyek
siyimnizezsidakczodzrjizvoki z(mdzek )z oazfemczdoszmrzw ztikcmkhze
xsmrrikzilf.ekermokzrozrjizfistokz oazsiyimniczrjizxosbzdsovuzzMdz oa
siyimniczrjizxosbzokzezfj tmye.zvicmav,z oazvatrzsiraskzrjizvicmavzxmrj
 oaszxsmrrikzilf.ekermokuzzRjizfistokzoszikrmr zrjerzfsonmcicz oazxmrj
rjizcidiyrmnizxosbzve zi.iyrzrozfsonmcizezsif.eyivikrzyof zmkz.miazodze
sidakcuzzMdz oazsiyimniczrjizxosbzi.iyrsokmye.. ,zrjizfistokzoszikrmr 
fsonmcmkhzmrzroz oazve zyjootizrozhmniz oazeztiyokczoffosrakmr zro
siyimnizrjizxosbzi.iyrsokmye.. zmkz.miazodzezsidakcuzzMdzrjiztiyokczyof 
mtze.tozcidiyrmni,z oazve zcivekczezsidakczmkzxsmrmkhzxmrjoarzdasrjis
offosrakmrmitzrozdmlzrjizfsow.ivu

1uDu4uzzIlyifrzdoszrjiz.mvmriczsmhjrzodzsif.eyivikrzoszsidakcztirzdosrj
mkzfesehsefjz1uDu3,zrjmtzxosbzmtzfsonmciczroz oaz'ET-MT',zXMRJzKOzORJIS
XESSEKRMITzODzEK zBMKC,zILFSITTzOSzMVF.MIC,zMKY.ACMKHzWARzKORz.MVMRICzRO
XESSEKRMITzODzVISYJEKREWM.MR zOSzDMRKITTzDOSzEK zFASFOTIu

1uDu5uzzToviztreritzcozkorze..oxzcmty.emvistzodzyisremkzmvf.mic
xessekrmitzoszrjizily.atmokzosz.mvmrermokzodzyisremkzr fitzodzcevehitu
Mdzek zcmty.emviszosz.mvmrermokztirzdosrjzmkzrjmtzehsiivikrznmo.eritzrji
.exzodzrjiztrerizeff.myew.izrozrjmtzehsiivikr,zrjizehsiivikrztje..zwi
mkrisfsiriczrozvebizrjizvelmvavzcmty.emviszosz.mvmrermokzfisvmrriczw 
rjizeff.myew.iztreriz.exuzzRjizmkne.mcmr zoszakikdosyiewm.mr zodzek 
fsonmtmokzodzrjmtzehsiivikrztje..zkorznomczrjizsivemkmkhzfsonmtmoktu

1uDu6uzzMKCIVKMR z-z oazehsiizrozmkcivkmd zekczjo.czrjizDoakcermok,zrji
rsecivesbzoxkis,zek zehikrzoszivf.o iizodzrjizDoakcermok,zek oki
fsonmcmkhzyofmitzodzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzi.iyrsokmyzxosbtzmkzeyyoscekyi
xmrjzrjmtzehsiivikr,zekczek zno.akriistzettoymericzxmrjzrjizfsocayrmok,
fsovormokzekczcmtrsmwarmokzodzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzi.iyrsokmyzxosbt,
jesv.ittzdsovze..z.mewm.mr ,zyotrtzekczilfiktit,zmky.acmkhz.ihe.zdiit,
rjerzesmtizcmsiyr. zoszmkcmsiyr. zdsovzek zodzrjizdo..oxmkhzxjmyjz oazco
oszyeatizrozoyyas:z(e)zcmtrsmwarmokzodzrjmtzoszek zFsopiyrzHarikwish-rv
xosb,z(w)ze.risermok,zvocmdmyermok,zoszeccmrmoktzoszci.irmoktzrozek 
FsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzxosb,zekcz(y)zek zCidiyrz oazyeatiu


Tiyrmokzz2uzzMkdosvermokzewoarzrjizVmttmokzodzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rv

FsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzmtzt kok voatzxmrjzrjizdsiizcmtrsmwarmokzod
i.iyrsokmyzxosbtzmkzdosvertzsiecew.izw zrjizxmcitrznesmir zodzyovfarist
mky.acmkhzowto.iri,zo.c,zvmcc.i-ehiczekczkixzyovfaristuzzMrzilmtrt
wiyeatizodzrjiziddosrtzodzjakcsictzodzno.akriistzekczcokermoktzdsov
fiof.izmkze..zxe.btzodz.mdiu

No.akriistzekczdmkekyme.ztaffosrzrozfsonmcizno.akriistzxmrjzrji
ettmtrekyizrji zkiiczesizysmrmye.zrozsieyjmkhzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rv't
hoe.tzekcziktasmkhzrjerzrjizFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzyo..iyrmokzxm..
sivemkzdsii. zenem.ew.izdoszhikisermoktzrozyoviuzzMkz2001,zrjizFsopiyr
Harikwishz.mrises zEsyjmnizDoakcermokzxetzysiericzrozfsonmcizeztiyasi
ekczfisvekikrzdarasizdoszFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzekczdarasizhikisermoktu
Roz.ieskzvosizewoarzrjizFsopiyrzHarikwishz.mrises zEsyjmnizDoakcermok
ekczjoxz oasziddosrtzekczcokermoktzyekzji.f,ztiizTiyrmoktz3zekcz4
ekczrjizDoakcermokzmkdosvermokzfehizerzxxxuharikwishuosh


Tiyrmokz3uzzMkdosvermokzewoarzrjizFsopiyrzHarikwishz.mrises zEsyjmni
Doakcermok

RjizFsopiyrzHarikwishz.mrises zEsyjmnizDoakcermokzmtzezkokzfsodmr
501(y)(3)zicayermoke.zyosfosermokzoshekmqiczakciszrjiz.extzodzrji
trerizodzVmttmttmffmzekczhsekriczrelzilivfrztreratzw zrjizMkriske.
SinikaizTisnmyiuzzRjizDoakcermok'tzIMKzoszdicise.zrelzmcikrmdmyermok
kavwiszmtz64-6221541uzzYokrsmwarmoktzrozrjizFsopiyrzHarikwish
.mrises zEsyjmnizDoakcermokzesizrelzcicayrmw.izrozrjizda..zilrikr
fisvmrriczw zAuTuzdicise.z.extzekcz oasztreri'tz.extu

RjizDoakcermok'tzfsmkymfe.zoddmyizmtz.oyericzerz4557zVi.ekzCsuzTu
Demswekbt,zEB,z99712u,zwarzmrtzno.akriistzekczivf.o iitzesiztyerrisic
rjsoahjoarzkavisoatz.oyermoktuzzMrtzwatmkittzoddmyizmtz.oyericzerz809
Kosrjz1500zXitr,zTe.rz.ebizYmr ,zARz84116,z(801)z596-1887uzzIvem.
yokreyrz.mkbtzekczafzrozcerizyokreyrzmkdosvermokzyekzwizdoakczerzrji
Doakcermok'tzxiwztmrizekczoddmyme.zfehizerzxxxuharikwishuosh/yokreyr

Doszeccmrmoke.zyokreyrzmkdosvermok:
zzzzzCsuzHsihos zWuzKixw 
zzzzzYjmidzIliyarmnizekczCmsiyros
zzzzzhwkixw @fh.eduosh

Tiyrmokz4uzzMkdosvermokzewoarzCokermoktzrozrjizFsopiyrzHarikwish
.mrises zEsyjmnizDoakcermok

FsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzcifikctzafokzekczyekkorztasnmnizxmrjoarzxmci
tfsieczfaw.myztaffosrzekczcokermoktzrozyess zoarzmrtzvmttmokzod
mkysietmkhzrjizkavwiszodzfaw.myzcovemkzekcz.myikticzxosbtzrjerzyekzwi
dsii. zcmtrsmwariczmkzveyjmkizsiecew.izdosvzeyyittmw.izw zrjizxmcitr
esse zodzigamfvikrzmky.acmkhzoarcericzigamfvikruzzVek ztve..zcokermokt
($1zroz$5,000)zesizfesrmya.es. zmvfosrekrzrozvemkremkmkhzrelzilivfr
treratzxmrjzrjizMSTu

RjizDoakcermokzmtzyovvmrriczrozyovf. mkhzxmrjzrjiz.extzsiha.ermkh
yjesmrmitzekczyjesmrew.izcokermoktzmkze..z50ztreritzodzrjizAkmric
TrerituzzYovf.mekyizsigamsivikrtzesizkorzakmdosvzekczmrzrebitze
yoktmcisew.iziddosr,zvayjzfefisxosbzekczvek zdiitzrozviirzekczbiifzaf
xmrjzrjitizsigamsivikrtuzzXizcozkorzto.mymrzcokermoktzmkz.oyermokt
xjisizxizjenizkorzsiyimniczxsmrrikzyokdmsvermokzodzyovf.mekyiuzzRo
TIKCzCOKERMOKTzoszcirisvmkizrjiztreratzodzyovf.mekyizdoszek 
fesrmya.esztreriznmtmrzxxxuharikwishuosh/cokeri

Xjm.izxizyekkorzekczcozkorzto.mymrzyokrsmwarmoktzdsovztreritzxjisizxi
jenizkorzvirzrjizto.mymrermokzsigamsivikrt,zxizbkoxzodzkozfsojmwmrmok
ehemktrzeyyifrmkhzakto.mymriczcokermoktzdsovzcokostzmkztayjztreritzxjo
effsoeyjzatzxmrjzoddistzrozcokeriu

Mkriskermoke.zcokermoktzesizhserida.. zeyyifric,zwarzxizyekkorzvebi
ek ztrerivikrtzyokyiskmkhzrelzrsiervikrzodzcokermoktzsiyimniczdsov
oartmcizrjizAkmriczTrerituzzAuTuz.extze.okiztxevfzoasztve..ztreddu

F.ietizyjiybzrjizFsopiyrzHarikwishzXiwzfehitzdoszyassikrzcokermok
virjoctzekczeccsittituzzCokermoktzesizeyyifriczmkzezkavwiszodzorjis
xe tzmky.acmkhzyjiybt,zok.mkizfe vikrtzekczysicmrzyesczcokermoktu
Rozcokeri,zf.ietiznmtmr:zzxxxuharikwishuosh/cokeri


Tiyrmokz5uzzHikise.zMkdosvermokzEwoarzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rvzi.iyrsokmy
xosbtu

FsodittoszVmyjei.zTuzJesrzxetzrjizosmhmkeroszodzrjizFsopiyrzHarikwish-rv
yokyifrzodzez.mwses zodzi.iyrsokmyzxosbtzrjerzyoa.czwizdsii. ztjesic
xmrjzek okiuzzDoszdosr z iest,zjizfsocayiczekczcmtrsmwariczFsopiyr
Harikwish-rvziWoobtzxmrjzok. zez.ootizkirxosbzodzno.akriisztaffosru

FsopiyrzHarikwish-rvziWoobtzesizodrikzysiericzdsovztinise.zfsmkric
icmrmokt,ze..zodzxjmyjzesizyokdmsviczetzFaw.myzCovemkzmkzrjizAuTu
ak.ittzezyof smhjrzkormyizmtzmky.acicuzzRjat,zxizcozkorzkiyittesm. 
biifziWoobtzmkzyovf.mekyizxmrjzek zfesrmya.eszfefiszicmrmoku

Votrzfiof.iztresrzerzoaszXiwztmrizxjmyjzjetzrjizvemkzFHztiesyjzdeym.mr :

zzzzzxxxuharikwishuosh

RjmtzXiwztmrizmky.acitzmkdosvermokzewoarzFsopiyrzHarikwish-rv,
mky.acmkhzjoxzrozvebizcokermoktzrozrjizFsopiyrzHarikwishz.mrises 
EsyjmnizDoakcermok,zjoxzrozji.fzfsocayizoaszkixziWoobt,zekczjoxzro
tawtysmwizrozoaszivem.zkixt.irriszrozjieszewoarzkixziWoobtu
