Testing Prelim: Prelim2Num13.bin
                         CS 5602 PRELIM 2                        
                         GEORGE MARKOWSKY                        
                        April 20-28, 2019                        
This document has been created for ANDERSON. Your answer will
consist of a single ZIP file the contents of which will be the
answers to the questions below. Every file you produce should
have a name that begins with your last name in all capital
letters. For example, if your last name were Smith and the file
is an answer to Problem 2 a, your file name should look like
SMITHprob2a.bin. In some cases, you might be asked to use some
other extension besides bin. Remember for all files your last
name MUST BE WRITTEN IN ALL CAPITAL LETTERS.

         PROBLEM 1 (15 POINTS -- ONE-TIME PAD ENCRYPTION)        
If you are reading this without any assistance from me, you get
15 points. I will know whether you successful read this file by
the work that you will submit. If you needed help to get here you
will not get 15 points. The number of points you get will depend
on the amount of help that you received.

          PROBLEM 2 (10  POINTS -- SIMPLE CAESAR CIPHER)         
a) (5 points) File431.bin is a 10,000 character encoded and
encrypted block of text. The encryption is a simple Caesar cipher
that is applied to a 10,000 character block consisting only of
the capital letters A..Z. All other characters such as the space
character, punctuation characters, lower case letters, \n, etc.,
have been removed. The first 26 byttes of the file give the
binary encoding for the letters A..Z. For example, let's suppose
the first two bytes of the file are chr(93) and chr(45). This
means that all bytes with the number 93 should be decoded as A's
and all bytes numbered 45 should be decoded as B's, etc. This
part of Problem 2 asks you to produce the decoded version of the
encrypted file. The output file should be named
LASTNAMEprob2a.bin with LASTNAME being your last name written in
captial letters. Include this file in your zip file answer. The
decoded fils should have the letters A..Z written using their
standard ASCII numbers 65..90.

b) (5 points) Figure out which key was used to encode the message
and decode it. Put your answer into a file named
LASTNAMEprob2b.bin with the letters A..Z encoded using the
original encoding. For example, if the letter A was encoded by
byte 95, it should be encoded using byte 95 in your answer.
Include this file in your zip file answer.

       PROBLEM 3 (10 POINTS -- SIMPLE SUBSTITUTION CIPHER)       
The following four lines of printable ASCII characters is a
substitution cipher based on the letters A..Z. Submit your answer
in a text file named LASTNAMEprob3.txt that must match the line
structure of the snippet below. In other words, the text file
must consist of 4 lines. Each line should have exactly the same
number of characters as the corresponding line in the snippet.
Each line should end with \n as with the snippet. Of course, the
\n characters should be removed for decryption purposes. Decode
the line as best you can. You will get partial credit depending
on how many characters you decipher.

53$$%305))6*;4826)4$.)4$);806*;48%8@60))85;;]8*;:$*8%83(88)5
*%;46(;88*96*?;8)*$(;485);5*%2:*$(;4956*2(5*-4)8@8*;4069285)
;)6%8)4$$;1($9;48081;8:8$1;48%85;4)485%528806*81($9;48;(88;4
($?34;48)4$;161;:188;$?;

     PROBLEM 4 (15 POINTS -- DOUBLE USE OF THE ONE TIME PAD)     
Use the decrypted file from Problem 2, LASTNAMEprob2b.bin, which
we will call File1, and the file File354.bin which we will refer
to as File2 and which consists of 10,000 bytes which are encoded
versions of the letters A..Z encoded using the same encoding that
was used to encode File1.

Produce a file named LASTNAMEprob4a.bin, which we will refer to
as File3 and which results when you XOR your one-time pad with
File1.

Produce a file named LASTNAMEprob4b.bin, which we will refer to
as File4 and which results when you XOR your one-time pad with
File2.

Produce a file named LASTNAMEprob4c.bin, which we will refer to
as File5 and which is the XOR of File3 and File4.

Finally, produce a file LASTNAMEprob4d.txt which consists of 5
sections, one for each of File1..File5. I will describe the first
section for File1 in detail, the remaining sections provide the
identical information for each of the other files. Section1
begins with 26 lines with each line containing the 26 most
frequently used characters in the form "ord(c) count(c)" where
ord(c) is the characters number written as a 3-character integer
ranging from 000 to 256 and count(c) is a 4-digit count ranging
from 0000 to 9999 which tells how many times that character
occurred in File1. If there were fewer than 26 characters in the
file, fill out the 26 lines using the notation "??? ????". In
case of ties on the counts, list the pairs based on increasing
order of ord(c). The next 10 lines should list the 10 most common
digrams in the file given as "ord(c) ord(d) count(cd)" where the
ord's are given using 3 digits and the counts are given using 4
digits. Of course, count(cd) is the number of times the pair cd
appears in the file. When there are ties, list the pairs in
increasing order of ord(c). If there are more than 10 entries
because of ties, truncate your answer to 10 entries. Finally,
list the top 10 most common trigrams in the file using the form
"ord(c) ord(d) ord(e) count(cde)" following the conventions just
described for digrams.

To sum up, File5 must be a text file have 5 sections, with each
section having exactly 46 lines as described above. Thus File5
must have exactly 230 lines.

Include ALL five files in your answer ZIP file. You must use the
naming rules given in this problem.

               PROBLEM 5 (15 POINTS -- MINI-ENIGMA)              
File040.bin contains the instructions for this problem.
File353.bin contains the data for the problem. Both are the
XORing of textfiles with your one-time pad. Follow the
instructions on what to submit in your answer ZIP file.

           PROBLEM 6 (15 POINTS -- BELLASO ENCRYPTION)           
File765.bin contains text encrypted using the Bellaso Cipher
(incorrectly called the Vigenere Cipher). The first 26 bytes are
the encodings used for A..Z, and the remaining 9,974 bytes are
the encrypted message. Submit your answer in a file called
LASTNAMEProb6.bin which has the letters A..Z encoded in the same
way as the original file. This file should, of course, be
included in your answer ZIP file.

            PROBLEM 7 (15 POINTS -- GROUPS OF ORDER 9)           
In this problem you will prove that there are only 2 groups of
order 9 and that they are abelian. Do not consult other sources
for this problem. Just follow the step by step instructions
provided in this section. Include all code and analysis in a file
labeled LASTNAMEprob7.docx or LASTNAMEprob7.pdf as you prefer.
Your document should follow the steps below and include the
appropriate material as indicated in the steps. Be sure to
include the steps and the associated text in your answer which
will be included in the answer ZIP file.

Step 1. When looking for groups of order 9, there is obviously
the cyclic group of order 9, C9. List the generators of C9.
Conclude that for all other groups of order 9, all non-identity
elements must have order 3.

Step 2. Pick a group G of order 9 so that G != C9. Show that it
must have an element, a, of order 3. Pick b in G - { 1, a, a**2
}. Prove that {b, b**2} and { 1, a, a**2 } have no elements in
common.

Step 3. Prove that { 1, a, a**2, b, ab, a**2b, b**2, ab**2,
a**2b**2} are all distinct and hence are the 9 members of the
group.

Step 4. Clearly, ba must be in the group. Prove that ba is not in
{ 1, a, a**2, b, b**2}, so it must be in the set { ab, a**2b,
ab**2, a**2b**2 }.

Step 5. Prove that if G1 and G2 are groups, the Cartesian product
G1 * G2 which consists of pairs (g1,g2) is a group. What is its
identity?

Step 6. Show that if ba = ab, G is abelian. In this case, show
that G can be expressed as the Cartesian product of two simpler
groups.

Step 7. Construct a Cayley table (to be included in your
document) under the assumption that ba = a**2b. Show that the
Cayley table is not associative by a counter example. Thus, ba
cannot equal a**2b.

Step 8. Construct a Cayley table (to be included in your
document) under the assumption that ba = ab**2. Show that the
Cayley table is not associative by a counter example. Thus, ba
cannot equal ab**2.

Step 9. Try to construct a Cayley table (to be included in your
document) under the assumption that ba = a**2b**2. What problem
do you run into in trying to construct this table? Put together
an argument showing that ba = a**2b**2 cannot be a rule in a
group of order 9.

Step 10. Conclude that there are only two groups of order 9 and
that they are both abelian. Give the groups in terms of cyclic
groups, Ck.

           PROBLEM 8 (5 POINTS -- SUBMITTING PRELIM 2)           
Your answer ZIP file should be emailed to markowsky@gmail.com
using PGP. If you do not use it now, learn about it and get
yourself a public key. If I receive the ZIP file through PGP
encryption and can decode it with your public key you will get 5
points.

ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
FGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
